                                    SCP-5410                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                    ███ Time
                                    --------

Item #: SCP-5410 

Level 3/5410

Containment Class: Pending 

CLASSIFIED
 
Preliminary Containment Procedures 

SCP-5410 is currently held within Critical Class Testing Chamber 7 at Site-51. 
Due to the limited information available on SCP-5410, full reality 
destabilization prevention protocols have been initiated. Site security 
personnel are to maintain Alert Condition Red until testing of SCP-5410 has been 
finalized and proper containment has been established. 

Description 

SCP-5410 is a device of unknown origin with an internal Hume level of 1.91 to 
2.05, oscillating in 30-second intervals. The outer material of SCP-5410 is 
composed of standard aluminum and steel. Located underneath its control panel is 
a small rectangular compartment, fitted with a thin sliding metal door. On the 
control panel itself there is a small steel placard labeled "WITCH". 

The interior of SCP-5410 includes wires, calipers, pistons, and several 
electronic switchboards. A human brain attached to a large network of human 
nervous tissue is located behind the external control switchboard. It is 
theorized that these biological components catalyze the Hume alterations. 

The exact purpose or function of SCP-5410 is currently unknown; initial testing 
will be initiated in Two hours. 

Discovery 

SCP-5410 was discovered on 04 Aug 2020 23:42 by a Foundation engineering team 
conducting a demolition survey on an unused section of Sublevel 6 at Site-52. 
The area where SCP-5410 was located in was originally listed as administrative 
offices when that sublevel was in use (1950-1958), but had been closed and the 
space reallocated as a long-term storage area for excess building materials. 

Demolition engineers found a small sealed room that had not been previously 
listed on existing Site-52 blueprints. Once the area had been cleared and the 
room opened, SCP-5410 was located, along with two wooden chairs, a small 
circular wooden table, and an oval aluminum serving tray. The room itself had 
been decorated with faded floral wallpaper and several flower vases containing 
the remnants of long-dead floral arrangements. 

Personnel are currently investigating Foundation records for information on 
SCP-5410 and the room it was located within. 

Update: Testing Report 

Critical Class Testing Chamber-7 has been retrofitted with four Mk-III Scranton 
Reality Anchors, collectively connected to the failsafe switch within the 
control room. SCP-5410 has been placed in the center of the testing area and 
fastened to the ground via hydraulic clamps. 

The following is a video transcript of SCP-5410 Test-1: 

Video Log 

Date | Time: 04 Aug 2020 23:42 | 05:00 

Depicted: Dr. William Reynolds, Junior Researcher Michael Sutton, D-04418 

Foreword: Dr. Reynolds and JR Sutton will be observing the test in the control 
room of Chamber-7. D-04418 will activate SCP-5410 via the activation dial 
located on the control panel. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

[D-04418 is standing a meter away from SCP-5410.] 

Dr. Reynolds: D-04418, are you ready to begin? 

D-04418: Uh, yeah, I just gotta turn this thing on right– no weird shit this 
time? 

Dr. Reynolds: That's correct, we'd like you to turn the dial to "activate" and 
then step away from the device. 

[D-04418 approaches SCP-5410.] 

D-04418: Yeah, okay. Like this? 

[D-04418 turns the dial to activate; after several seconds, SCP-5410 begins to 
vibrate.] 

Dr. Reynolds: Please step away from the device, D-04418. 

D-04418: Shit, you right. 

[SCP-5410 emits a loud metallic screeching for approximately 35 seconds, D-04418 
winces in response.] 

D-04418: Uh, hey Dr. Reynolds, is that supposed to sound like that? 

JR Sutton: The local Hume field is fluctuating rapidly between 1.2 and 1.4. 

[A bright light emanates from the lower compartment of SCP-5410.] 

JR Sutton: These readings indicate it's attempting to manifest someth– The 
Hume field just spiked to 2.3. 

Dr. Reynolds: It's establishing relative permanence. 

[The light coming from SCP-5410 is getting brighter, D-04418 takes several steps 
back.] 

D-04418: Yeah it's, uh, definitely glowing now. 

[The light ceases instantly and the activation dial switches back into the 
standby position.] 

D-04418: Oh, I-I think it's over guys. 

Dr. Reynolds: D-04418, please open the lower compartment located below the 
control board. 

D-04418: Shit, I knew it wasn't over. 

Dr. Reynolds: Please take the camera with you, and D-04418, be cautious opening 
the door– we have no idea what's inside of the machine. 

D-04418: Yeah, okay. 

[D-04418 picks the camera up as he approaches SCP-5410. After hesitating for a 
moment, D-04418 reaches down and opens the compartment.] 

D-04418: Huh, that's it? 

[END LOG] 


- Download Results

Designated SCP-5410-1, the cup of tea manifested by SCP-5410 was immediately 
sent for analysis. Subsequent testing of SCP-5410 resulted in identical 
instances of SCP-5410-1. 

Analysis of the SCP-5410-1 instances revealed no anomalous properties, aside 
from their creation. SCP-5410-1 instances are prepared to the exact 
specification of ISO 3103, the international standard for a cup of tea with 
milk.1 The measurement of each ingredient is accurate down to the nanogram. The 
underside of each porcelain container is labeled "Property of the SCP 
Foundation". 

Records from 1953 include an acquisition invoice, signed by Dr. Elijah Wilson2, 
for a "Wilson's International Tea Creator-H". This item is currently theorized 
to be SCP-5410, though no further information regarding the item has been found. 
Further investigation into the origin of SCP-5410 is currently ongoing. 



Footnotes 

1. ISO 3103 was officially created in 1980; the discrepant correlation between 
SCP-5410 and this standard is currently under investigation. 

2. At the time Dr. Wilson was the Site-51 Sub-Director for the Department of 
Research and Development; retired in 1979. 


