                                    SCP-4936                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               Summer Vacation ðŸ¦€
                               ------------------

Item #: SCP-4936

Level 4

Containment Class: Euclid

Disruption Class: EKHI 

Risk Class: Caution

SECRET

Special Containment Procedures: Remote monitoring of Beta Cancri has been 
assigned to Joint Research Task Force Phi-4 ("Zodiac Hunters"), composed of 
members of the Foundation's Department of Essophysics and the Astronomical 
Phenomena Division. Extensive observation of SCP-4936 is to occur during the 
astronomical summer, until JRTF Phi-4 determines that SCP-4936 has migrated to 
Earth. JRTF Phi-4 will then approximate its destination on Earth within one 
kilometer of accuracy, using resources provided by the Department of 
Essophysics. 

In order to protect SCP-4936, it will be remotely escorted by JRTF Phi-4 members 
until its departure to Cancer. Throughout the duration of SCP-4936's time on 
Earth, media-blackout protocols will be in effect to prevent discovery of Beta 
Cancri's disappearance. 

Containment procedures for the mass extinction of crabs are presently being 
drafted and will be put into effect if SCP-4936 is neutralized. 

Description: SCP-4936 is Beta Cancri, the brightest star in the zodiacal 
constellation of Cancer. SCP-4936 is theorized to be an essophysical anomaly 
embodying all decapodic crustaceans of the infraorder Brachyura: colloquially, 
marine and terrestrial crabs. SCP-4936's essophysical properties constitute any 
significant injury, emotional trauma, or large-scale containment efforts imposed 
upon it affecting the global crab population in an analogous fashion.1 

Although SCP-4936 usually presents as Beta Cancri, it is capable of altering its 
physical form, usually to take the appearance of a mundane crab. Attempts to 
communicate with SCP-4936 in any of its forms have been universally 
unsuccessful. 

SCP-4936 engages in an annual migration pattern during the terrestrial 
summertime, to and from Earth. Beta Cancri will appear to "wink" and disappear, 
at which time a single crab will manifest in Earth's lower atmosphere and fall 
into an ocean near a continental coast. 

All documented migration events have followed a similar process, recorded below.

SCP-4936 emerges from the ocean onto a terrestrial beach as an ostensibly 
non-anomalous crab. It is usually not noticed by beachgoers at this time, 
barring one migration where it presented as a coconut crab (Birgus latro). 
SCP-4936 searches for a suitable nesting ground in the surrounding sand where it 
can bury its body. SCP-4936 gradually displaces the sand and settles into the 
deposit, using its claws to bury itself. 

Once SCP-4936 is completely buried, it sleeps until nighttime. If the beach 
experiences considerable precipitation, SCP-4936 may relocate to a different 
environment. 

When night falls, SCP-4936 will exit its nesting ground and explore the 
surrounding beach â€” this usually entails crossing local sand dunes and 
interacting with groups of non-anomalous crabs. At dawn, SCP-4936 will return to 
its nesting ground. 

This day-night cycle continues until the approximate end of the terrestrial 
summer. The migration event will terminate, and SCP-4936 will disappear, at 
which time Beta Cancri may be observed again. 


Addendum.4936.1

INITIAL CONTACT

REQUEST: URGENT

Response Transcript

Request filed to the Overseer Council on 2012/06/19 by the Department of 
Essophysics. 

STAY OF IMMEDIATE CONTAINMENT

FOREWORD: On 2012/06/19, the Astronomical Phenomena Division was unable to 
locate Beta Cancri within the constellation of Cancer. A selective 
media-blackout was immediately issued by the Overseer Council to disguise the 
star's disappearance. 

Independently, the Department of Essophysics noted Strayer Radiation collating 
between Earth and the former location of Beta Cancri. Specialists extrapolated 
the path between the two celestial bodies to Navagio Beach, Greece, and 
discovered a single Atlantic marsh fiddler crab (Uca pugnax) which emitted 
non-hazardous amounts of cosmic and Strayer radiation. 

The Council has responded to the Department's report with an unwarranted display 
of force, dispatching three animalian containment teams to Navagio within the 
hour. Our department has and will continue to deter their access to the specimen 
until the teams disperse. 

REQUEST: Disperse the teams sent to contain the specimen. If the specimen is an 
essophysical anomaly as our department suspects, then the Foundation risks 
conceptually containing all living crabs â€” the exact result of which is 
unknown, but almost certainly unfavorable. 

O5-3, please cease this. A star has disappeared, but your concerns right now are 
very much terrestrial. 


Addendum.4936.2

OVERWATCH CONSENSUS

OVERSEER COUNCIL DELEGATIONS

Date: 2012/07/03

Preceding Deliberations: Three (3) hours.

Involved Parties: Thirteen (13) Overseer Council members, Three (3) Ethics 
Committee Liaisons, One (1) Department of Essophysics Representative 

PREAMBLE

Foundation Directive Alpha-3 ("Protect") necessitates the preservation of life 
and/or reality in the event of an XK-Class Scenario. The hierarchy of concern 
guiding this directive designates the preservation of individual species on 
Earth as a Î£-level priority under Directive Alpha-3. 

BODY OF PROPOSAL

In the event of an XK-Class scenario threatening reality and/or life at large, 
the Foundation will contain SCP-4936 in a modified extradimensional containment 
chamber and protect it from being harmed. This can only be accomplished if the 
following conditions are met: 

SCP-4936 has manifested on Earth in a containable form.

The XK-Class scenario does not threaten extradimensional space.

The XK-Class scenario is both foreseeable and irrevocable.

If all these conditions are met, the Foundation will satisfy the Î£-level 
priority of Directive Alpha-3 and protect SCP-4936's containment at all costs. 
In this way, even though all higher forms of life may be destroyed, all crab 
life will be preserved. 

RESULTS OF DELEGATIONS

Due to authoring the discussed proposal, O5-3 has recused verself from voting.

YEA:	

O5-1, O5-4, O5-5, O5-7, O5-8, O5-10, O5-11, O5-12, O5-13		
 
NAY:	

O5-9

ABSTAIN:	

O5-2, O5-6

STATUS

APPROVED

AFTERWORD

The Department of Hypothetical Scenarios was established many decades ago to 
prepare for the end of humanity. However, the variety of life in our universe 
has caused our departmental objectives to be re-evaluated. There may come a time 
when humanity is stamped out â€” either by our own doing or that of an invading 
force â€” but it is not necessarily the case that all other forms of life will 
follow suit. It is therefore our duty to protect all other forms of life, if our 
own is to perish. 

We will soon begin constructing SCP-4936's containment chamber in an isolated 
extradimensional space, filled with as much beach as it can desire. If its 
containment becomes necessary, it will be safe, happy, and above all else: 
alive. And so long as that remains the case, we can expect that crabs as a 
taxological group will be much the same. 

It may just be that the last bastion of hope in this fatal universe is a tiny 
fiddler crab, hibernating on the beaches of Greece. And it is our duty as 
stewards of life to protect it. 

â€” O5-3, Director of Hypothetical Scenarios


Addendum.4936.3

COMMUNICATIONS UPDATE

On 2018/09/03 04:16 PM, JRTF Phi-4 detected a radio message emitting from 
SCP-4936 while it hibernated. Notably, the message was relayed in Morse code, 
similar to interstellar radio messages sent from Earth to deep space. 

The final character was rendered "U+1F980", shorthand for a Unicode character.

- SCP-4936 Communication

THANK YOU FOR WATCHING OVER ME! IT'S VERY COLD OUT HERE IN SPACE.

SEE YOU NEXT SUMMER! ðŸ¦€

SCP-4936 returned to Cancer immediately following its transmission.


