                                    SCP-4205                                    
                                    ========                                    

                         In The Eyes of the Beholder üñ≥ 
                         -----------------------------                         

FND‚ÄìARCH‚ÄÇ8…Ä19 

Terminal 4 
 
> cd /mnt/scipnet/data/scp/4205

> ls

014205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 024205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 034205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 
044205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 054205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 064205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 
074205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 084205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 094205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 
104205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 114205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 124205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 
134205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë52‚Äë57‚Äë44‚ÄÉ 4205‚ÄëAnomArch‚Äë73‚Äë63‚Äë70

> more -d +/"SCP-4205-DRAFT" 014205-AnomArch-52-57-44
‚Üê BACK

-???--?irst SCP assigned to me since Dr. Mark got me hired. I've spent the last 
three months poring over the database, trying to get a feeling of other entries. 

Have I mentioned how much scary shit there is here?

And then there's weird shit like a mason jar that makes insects speak spanish...

No joke.

Anyway, time to write this thing. This entry is gonna be the dopest one at the 
Foundation. Just you watch! 

SCP-4205-DRAFT-01

Author: Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz

Status: Submitted for review

Item #: SCP-4205

Object Class: Safe

Threat Level: ‚Ä¢

Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immaterial nature and relatively 
recent discovery of SCP-4205, no methods of containing SCP-4205 has been 
discovered. Sightings of SCP-4205 are to be immediately reported to the site 
supervisor as well as Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz. All video recordings of 
SCP-4205 can be saved to the specified archive on the Foundation Database 
[[dbs-4205]]. 

Description: SCP-4205 is a pair of amber colored eyes, appearing primarily 
within the translucent or semi-translucent pane of any window-like structure. In 
most cases, when an affected individual views these eyes, brain death will occur 
quite swiftly. This has been observed in most cases with only one exception to 
date. An unusual aspect of the deceased victims is that usual postmortem brain 
activity ceases in a much more rapid manner than usually observed in a natural 
death. 

SCP-4205 was discovered on December 11, 1992 by Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz 
when he observed SCP-4205 appearing within the reinforced glass between the 
observation room to interrogation room F99. He later requested the site 
supervisor, Dr. Mark Forsyth to review surveillance footage of the observation 
room in which SCP-4205 was observed within the video as well. After further 
reviews of surveillance footage over the past two years, six other occurrences 
of SCP-4205 were discovered. They are as follows: 

/* Collect occurrence and place here */

Further research into SCP-4205 is required and has been approved by Dr. Mark 
Forsyth with Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz as the lead. 

Review Status: DENIED

Notes: Dalitz, this is sloppy. Object Classes are based off the ease of 
containment, not danger. And what the hell is Threat Level? Did you make that 
up? There are so many errors here. I will come to your desk and assist in 
person. You are not in university anymore. You need to do better. 

Also you left some part of a journal or something at the top of the file. I did 
not "get you hired." You proved you have potential. Now live up to it. ‚ÄîMF 

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d +/"Item #: SCP-4205" 024205-AnomArch-52-57-44

‚Üê BACK

SCP-4205-DRAFT-01bs

Author: Junior Researcher Fucking Awful

Status: Awaiting Submission

Item #: 80085

Object Class: Bullshit

Threat Level: Up My Own Ass

"Special" Containment: It's just some fucking eyes. It kills people. But not me. 
Lucky me! 

Review Status: Not Sent

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d +/"Item #: SCP-4205" 034205-AnomArch-52-57-44

> ERR Not Found

> more -d 034205-AnomArch-52-57-44

‚Üê BACK

4a 52 4e 4c 2d 57 44

JRNL-WD-121192

Hey Dad. Had a shit day at work today. To the surprise of no one.

I get it. It's my first time documenting an SCP. Mistakes are expected, right? I 
don't know what's wrong with me, I knew inventing some 'threat level' bullshit 
was bullshit. I just wanted to try something new. 

I should have known better.

I almost had a goddamned stroke when I nearly sent that second draft to Mark. I 
would be incredibly fired if I did. Even Mark wouldn't be able to forgive that. 
Years of college dealing with my garbage, if he's not fed up by now... he 
probably never will be. He'd probably just demote me to unpaid intern and have 
me usher around D-class until one of them stabs me. 

I'll just make a list here of the items he told me to edit... I'll fix them 
tomorrow: 

Change to Keter

Remove my idiotic bullshit Threat Level (my words, not his)

Remove my name from containment procedures.

Add occurrences and never submit a draft without it being complete (his words, 
not mine) 

Correct overall tone

Nothing in University really prepared me for the Foundation. Analytical 
Chemistry never taught me to test for glowing eyes in glass that kill people... 

I don't even really know what I'm going to do next. 

I have to figure it out, I can't disappoint Dr. Mark after all he's done for me.

Talk to you tomorrow.

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d 044205-AnomArch-52-57-44

>> Corrupt data detected...

>> Corruption at 5%...

‚Äîskipping‚Äî

‚Üê BACK

SCP-4205-DRAFT-02

Author: Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz

Status: Awaiting Submission

Version Compare:

SCP-4205-DRAFT-01::SCP-4205-DRAFT-02

Item #: SCP-4205

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immaterial nature and relatively 
recent discovery of SCP-4205, no methods of containing SCP-4205 have been 
discovered. All sightings of SCP-4205 are to be reported to Foundation Site lead 
immediately upon discovery. Any deceased victims must be taken to the site 
coroner in order to perform an autopsy. Until further notice, all rooms 
containing thin sheets of translucent material used to look between two distinct 
spaces are to keep an Experimental Lang-Scranton Stabilizer within in order to 
counter-act the anomaly.1 Additionally, all rooms must be occupied with no less 
than two individuals at all times. 

Description: SCP-4205 is a disembodied pair of amber colored orbs resembling 
humanoid eyes appearing primarily within the translucent or semi-translucent 
pane of any window-like structure. When affected individuals view the eyes brain 
death will occur near instantly. 2 To date, only one known case has not resulted 
in death. SCP-4205 has only appeared to individuals that are currently only 
occupying a space alone. 

During attempts to resuscitate victims, brain activity was observed to cease in 
a much more rapid manner than usually observed in a natural death. During 
autopsy, the bodily functions of victims appear to be completely unharmed. 
However, the brain is shown to have extensive nerve damage focused primarily on 
the amygdala, hippocampus, medial temporal lobe, and the occipital lobe. Though, 
all parts of the brain displayed some form of damage similar in some form to 
electrical shock or cranial trauma. 

Initial discovery of SCP-4205 occurred on December 11, 1992 when Junior 
Researcher Wade Dalitz observed SCP-4205 appearing within the reinforced 
poly(methyl methacrylate) between the  Observation Room to Interrogation Room 
F99. Upon review of security footage of the observation room, SCP-4205 was 
observed on the video as  well despite unusual electrical damage to the tape. 
After further reviews of surveillance footage over the past two years, six other 
occurrences of SCP-4205 were discovered.3 
 Occurrences listed in chronological order:

Affected individual

GOC Deputy Liaison "Gena"

Date of Occurrence

January 5, 1990

Location

Site 19 Holding Room

Description:

Deputy Liaison "Gena" was left in the holding room, also known as the waiting 
room, while a member of the Site 19 staff retrieved Site Director Dr. Bright. 
The Holding Room has a single observation window on its northeastern wall. 
SCP-4205 was observed within the reflective glass of this one way window and 
appear to passively watch the Deputy Liaison for approximately eight minutes. 
During this time, the security tape shows mild electrical damage. The Deputy 
Liaison appears to aimlessly peer around the room when he observes SCP-4205 and 
falls out of his chair to his death. He was discovered approximately five 
minutes later by Dr. Bright's assistant. 

Note:

This incident caused a significant diplomatic incident between the GOC and the 
Foundation. Discovery of the death being a result of SCP-4205 has been shared 
with the GOC in a limited capacity. 

 /* Fill out the rest you lazy bastard... */

Further research into SCP-4205 is required and has been approved by Dr. Mark 
Forsyth with Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz as the lead. 

Review Status: Not Sent

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

  FND‚ÄìARCH‚ÄÇ8…Ä19 
  Terminal 4 

> more -d 054205-AnomArch-52-57-44

‚Üê BACK

79 75 6d

JRNL-WD-121292

Evening, Dad.

I've been staring at this terminal for the past 7 hours. You know how I am when 
I focus on stuff. On top of that, my lamp is busted. So I'm just using the 
terminal's light. I can already feel my eyes drying out. 

...I need to eat something.

Home is starting to feel like work. I just bring it with me. With my terminal 
here, oh so kindly given to me by the Foundation with the strict instructions 
that it is ONLY meant for Foundation work and nothing else. Granted, I have no 
idea if games would run on this thing. It doesn't look like an Apple or an 
IBM... 

Whatever.

There's been a burning feeling in the back of my mind.

I do not understand why I am still alive.

All the others died.

Six others... and me.

Why me?

I'm not special.

Well, Ma said I was special, but she's my Ma, of course she did. You know how 
she is. 

Ever since seeing them, I can't think about anything else. I barely slept at all 
last night. 

I'm going to try to sleep early today, maybe that will help. I can eat tomorrow.

Don't worry about me, I'll be fine.

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

  FND‚ÄìARCH‚ÄÇ8…Ä19 

  Terminal 4 

>> Corrupt data detected...

>> Corruption at 20%...

‚Äîskipping‚Äî

‚Üê BACK

???SCP-4205 were discovered.

Occurrences listed in chronological order:

Affected individual

GOC Deputy Liaison "Gena"

Date of Occurrence

January 5, 1990

Location

Site 19 Holding Room

Description:

Deputy Liaison "Gena" was left in the holding room, also known as the waiting 
room, while a member of the Site 19 staff retrieved Site Director Dr. Bright. 
The Holding Room has a single observation window on its northeastern wall. 
SCP-4205 was observed within the reflective glass of this one way window and 
appear to passively watch the Deputy Liaison for approximately eight minutes. 
During this time, the security tape shows mild electrical damage. The Deputy 
Liaison appears to aimlessly peer around the room when he observes SCP-4205 and 
falls out of his chair to his death. He was discovered approximately five 
minutes later by Dr. Bright's assistant.Note:This incident caused a significant 
diplomatic incident between the GOC and the Foundation. Discovery of the death 
being a result of SCP-4205 has been shared with the GOC in a limited capacity. 

Affected individual

Site 11 Sous Chef-In-Training Lorna Michaels

Date of Occurrence

March 18, 1990

Location

Site 11 Culinary School Entrance Anteroom

Description:

Site 11 Sous Chef-In-Training Lorna Michaels and two other Chefs-In-Training had 
been tasked with cleaning and closing down the Site 11 Culinary School for the 
evening. The two other chefs left for the evening and Michaels stays for another 
hour and ten minutes. She makes unauthorized use of the training kitchen in 
order to bake what appears to be a birthday cake for her three year old 
daughter.5Footnote 5: Mark is going to tell me this isn't important... but 
whatever. I'm a human and this is important to ME. After finishing and cleaning 
up after herself, she begins to leave the building. When reaching the entrance 
anteroom, she is looking down in order to choose between keys on a ring. When 
she finds the right one, she looks up and observes SCP-4205 within the exterior 
glass windows. Michaels immediately collapses along with her cake. She was 
discovered the next morning by Site 11 Head Chef Graca Frederico.Note:N/A 

Affected individual

Site 19 Janitor Mark Marcus

Date of Occurrence

June 11, 1990

Location

Site 19 Subterranean Parking Lot [ST-PL] F9 within vehicle owned by the victim

Description:

Site 19 Janitor Mark Marcus is seen exiting elevator to Site 19 ST-PL F9 during 
his break. He enters his vehicle, a Blue and White 1985 Dodge Charger, 6Footnote 
6: This guy had good taste... and proceeds to take a nap. After twenty minutes, 
Marcus awakes and observes SCP-4205 within his windshield. Marcus is discovered 
the following day by Wilhelm Grungkok after a search is called as Marcus failed 
to return from his break or be seen at home by his wife.Note:All of these 
people... families. Important figures. And who am I, really? 

Affected individual

Neutralized SCP-048 [SCP-048-N]

Date of Occurrence

November 20, 1990

Location

Area 14 Containment Chamber QM-X15

Description:

SCP-048-N's containment procedures made it particularly susceptible to SCP-4205. 
SCP-048-N was a humanoid being that appeared as an malnourished young 
(approximately 8-10 years old) girl of Middle Eastern origin, though claimed to 
be thousands of years old. SCP-048-N claimed to be the Canaaite god Yam, despite 
Yam generally being depicted as a male figure. SCP-048-N had the compulsive 
ability to fill any space it occupies with water as well as the ability to pass 
through any solid, opaque surface. An important part of SCP-048-N's containment 
procedures was to keep her within a glass cube at all times as SCP-048-N was not 
capable of traversing transparent substances. On November 20, 1990, Area 14 had 
an emergency drill for which the researchers within SCP-048-N's observation room 
existed. Within two minutes, SCP-4205 appears on all six panes of SCP-048-N's 
containment cube. SCP-048-N is declared neutralized upon confirmation of death 
by Area 14 Director Dr. Lire.Note:Dr. Lire seemed very relieved when he was 
informed that SCP-048-N's neutralization was not a result of negligence. SCP-048 
was considered a useful asset due to its nature as a possible deity, one of 
which is known to have an enemy deity of Baal. 

Affected individual

Adham Saidov

Date of Occurrence

June 11, 1991

Location

Fill in later, Wade

Description:

Fill in now, Wade

Note:

Later is now, Wade

Affected individual

Ietepere (Pete) Turei

Date of Occurrence

October 8, 1992

Location

This guy was boring anyway

Description:

Probably goes after boring people

Note:

Theo isn't boring though...

Affected individual

Dr. Theodore Quale

Date of Occurrence

December 9, 1992

Location

Within SCP-965's Containement Storage Facility at Site 19

Description:

While performing a routine inspection of SCP-965-1, Dr. Quale observed SCP-4205 
within the window of which also contained SCP-965. Similar to Jr. Researcher 
Dalitz, Dr. Quale did not immediately die as per the other victims.Note:The 
observation was not discovered until Dr. Quale reported an incident of SCP-965 
"apparently [having] eyes now." When pressed for more information, Dr. Quale 
gave a description matching the other incidents. Due to the nature of SCP-965, 
there is no direct video feed of the containment area of SCP-965, so there is no 
recorded confirmation of this encounter. However, Dr. Quale was not aware of 
SCP-4205's existence prior to his encounter. 

Experiment Log SCP-4205

Name

Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz

Date

12/13/1992

Supervisor

Dr. Mark Forsyth [Clearance Level 3] [[Not Present]]

Description:

I tried to touch it. I saw it again and I tried to touch it.

Results:

It felt like when you rub two balloons together and touch one to your arm. 
Except all over my body. I couldn't really touch it, though. It's not in front 
of the glass or behind the glass. It is IN the glass. And I can't tell if it's 
looking at me or not. Is it even really eyes? 
Further research into SCP-4205 is required and has been approved by Dr. Mark 
Forsyth with Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz as the lead. 

Review Status: Not Sent

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d 074205-AnomArch-52-57-44

‚Üê BACK

JRNL-WD-121392
Dad.

There's someone else. I'm not alone. I'm not alone. I'm. not. alone.

Quale. I know Quale. He's just around my age. Been at the foundation longer than 
me, though. Actually got through university in a respectable amount of time 
rather than having to have his pathetic ass saved after two years of failure. I 
bet he never had to struggle for ten hours just to write one line of a 
containment procedure as he tries to decide if he needs to use the scientific 
name for Plexiglass. 

Tomorrow. I will talk to him tomorrow.

Also, I think I started to hallucinate.

Last night, I was laying in bed, tossing and turning. I was trying everything. 
Even turned on the radio to listen to some shitty soft jazz, your favorite, 
there's really no better sleep aid than that garbage (no offense). I turned to 
my right side, looking towards the window of my bedroom and I saw them. Again. 
Same as the first time. I felt myself tense up, my body just seizing. I stared 
at it for what felt like an eternity. 

You know night terrors? I used to have them when I was a kid, it was before you 
were gone but I don't think I ever told you. Would wake up, stiff as a board and 
feel as something would pull at my toes and giggle with the same voice as the 
Wicked Witch from The Wizard of Oz. (That's your fault, by the way. You knew it 
freaked me out and you'd tease me with the voice anyway.) Eventually I'd be able 
to take a breath and scramble up in my bed only to see nothing. 

Not this time. This time being able to move seemed to come gradually, like stiff 
knots at my joints were coming unraveled one by one. And then I got up from my 
bed, but it was still there. 

Now stick with me here. Dr. Mark told me to think of some tests for 4205. Which, 
like, how the hell am I supposed to test something if I don't even know where it 
is? 

But this was my chance, I had to do something. And being the thick piece of shit 
I am, all I could think of was touching it. Like, next day I'm goddamned 
punching myself because there's dozens of other better experiments but all I 
could think of was touching it. 

Anyway, I, you know... touched it. Nothing really happened. I felt a weird sort 
of shiver over my whole body but that's it. 

I haven't told anyone. I haven't submitted any of my last two drafts. I just 
don't want to be taken off the project. This is my chance to prove myself to 
everyone. Fuck, I have to tell them though. There's something going on. This 
isn't normal. I'm going to call Mom and talk to her, even though I can't really 
share any of this with her. Fuck, I hate lying to her. 

I wish I had somebody. I don't even really have you...

Ugh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean that. I'm just so fucking stressed. I'm sorry.

Goodnight, Dad, I miss you.

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d 084205-AnomArch-52-57-44

‚Üê BACK

SCP-4205-DRAFT-??

Author: Junior Researcher Wade Dalitz

Status: SubmMm????

? #: SCP-4205Object Class: ??

Special Containment Procedures: No methods of containing SCP-4205 have been 
discovered. Containment is impossible. It has no weaknesses. All sightings of 
SCP-4205 are to be reported to Foundation Site lead immediately upon discovery. 
Any deceased victims must be taken to the site coroner in order to perform an 
autopsy. Until further notice, all rooms containing thin sheets of translucent 
material used to look between two distinct spaces are to keep an Experimental 
Lang-Scranton Stabilizer within in order to counter-act the anomaly. # 
Additionally, all rooms must be occupied with no less than two individuals at 
all times. 

Any poor, unfortunate souls that see SCP-4205 and do not die should be 
immediately killed as well. SCP-4205 obviously just made a mistake. 

During attempts to resuscitate victims, brain death was observed to cease in a 
much more rapid manner than usually observed in a natural death. During autopsy, 
the bodily functions of victims appear to be completely unharmed. However, blah 
blah blah blah some brain science bullshit that I don't actually understand and 
just copied from some coroner report. Who the fuck cares what it does to the 
brain? 

Initial discovery of SCP-4205 occurred on December 11, 1992 when Junior 
Researcher Wade Dalitz licked the frozen flag pole of life and somehow didn't 
get stuck. 

SCP-4205 has a form. It is as if it is not there. Or it is there, like a rip in 
space. Not a void. Like my eyes want to look at it, but my brain won't let it. 
Like when a CRT Monitor with bad tracking has a black line that just scrolls 
across the screen. 

Occurrences of the lucky six that got to die are not going to be listed because 
who cares. 

PQJhlOtxm2
dsklIs20X4Y9XJnhRIOa2g
4ZdhXxtSudvab25cEvgPWjO1
4JHcOIhRpzv9dUeBrnx8n2e
d1z6XgfRxSArtm8O7yrrN

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

  FND‚ÄìARCH‚ÄÇ8…Ä19 
  Terminal 4 
> more -d 094205-AnomArch-52-57-44

‚Üê BACK

??????

JRNL-WD-121392
FUCK
I just want to shitfucking punt those fucknutted shitdicks in the balls.

Whatever.

WHATEVER.

I don't CARE if they can see this.

I'm not going to stop just because I know you bastards can read this.

Yeah, hey, Dad.

Turns out I've not just been talking to you. The Foundation has been watching 
the whole time. 
If I wave at the screen will they be able to see it? I fuckin hope so.

Three hours.
THREE.
HOURS.
Doctor of sucking-his-own-itty-bitty-dick Mark Forsyth berated me for Three. 
Hours. 
I'm unprofessional.
I'm a child.
I'm dense and idiotic.
I should have never been allowed to graduate.
He never should have helped me.
What did he ever see in me.
(All his words.)

And my words. Who am I fuckin kidding, he's right. He's right! I know he is. He 
just finally said exactly what I've been telling myself for years. 
Sent me home. Took me off SCP-4205.
I'm definitely fired.

He told me I was going to be "watched." I'm not allowed to leave my house.
But I already am being watched.

Hold on, let me say hello to my new friend.

Nope, nothing.

Oh, right, I haven't told you yet.
They're there all the time now. The eyes. They're everywhere.
Bedroom window. Window in the front door. Window in the kitchen. Window in the 
living room. 
Not the window in my front door, though... It doesn't like that window.
I swear I even saw the bastard in my water glass earlier.

I don't know what's going on. I'm too fucking pissed to be scared right now 
but... 
If I'm going to be stuck in here with this thing, I might as well test it. Not 
going to let this stop me. 

Oh, also, before being reamed like a stack of paper, I found Quale. He seemed... 
fine. Told me nothing had happened between seeing the eyes and today. 
Maybe I am just going crazy. I do wish I could've talked to him more, though. 
I've admired the guy since university. 

Too goddamned late now, though. Probably going to die of old age in this house 
while the Foundation pokes me with a stick. 

Just you, me, my glowing eye friend, and those BASTARDS reading this.

Sincerely,

....................../¬¥¬Ø/)
....................,/¬Ø../
.................../..../
............./¬¥¬Ø/'...'/¬¥¬Ø¬Ø`¬∑¬∏
........../'/.../..../......./¬®¬Ø\
........('(...¬¥...¬¥.... ¬Ø~/'...')
.........\.................'...../
..........''...\.......... _.¬∑¬¥
............\..............(
..............\.............\...
> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d 104205-AnomArch-52-57-44

‚Üê BACK

SCP-4205-DRAFT-0....4?

Author: Prisoner Wade

Status: N?????A

? #: SCP-XXXObject Class: keter

Too tired to edit the entire entry, just going to leave some notes like it told 
me to: 

Description

Add how it feels like it's getting closer.

Add how some, like Quale, do not seem to be affected at all. What was Quale's 
first name again? 

Add that it has claimed ownership.

Add the feeling of static.

tests

Test 1

Shine a flashlight at it

Result

Nothing

Test 2

Tap glass with broomstick

result

Slight increase in feeling of static. Dissipates after a couple seconds.

Test 3

Try to have a chat with it.

Result

Took a while but it responded. I can't write here what it said... it told me not 
to. 

Test 4

Try to play catch with it.

Result

Broke window with ball. Can see it in the shards of glass.

Test 5

Touch it

Result
No. No no no. I won't. I won't.

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d 114205-AnomArch-52-57-44

>> Corrupt data detected...

>> Corruption at 24%...

‚Äîskipping‚Äî

‚Üê BACK

????????nderstand. It's only been a day. Yeah, really, just a day.

It tried to tell me that you are the eyes. But I know it's a liar.

It told me not to eat. Or... I...

I don't know.

Not hungry anyway.

I tried calling Mom but I couldn't remember her number. Just stood with the 

dialtone before the phone started howling at me. 

This entry for 4205. I've got to finish it. I have to. Dr. Mark can go fuck 
himself. 

Do you remember our home number, dad?

Please tell me.

Please, please, please tell me, pleas???

???ease, Da???

Rest of file corrupt.

Corruption at 33%

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d 124205-AnomArch-52-57-44

‚Üê BACK

SCP-4205-DRAFT-‚ß≤‚Ä¢‚ß≤

Author: Wade

Status: No

Item #: X

Object Class: At home

Special Containment Procedures: Cannot contain what cannot be contained. You'll 
never do it. Not even if you wanted to. I'll get out of here. Jump out my 
window, you can't stop me. 

I have to write. Writing helps me remember.

YES! Yes it does. Don't. Don't lie to me, it does.

Go out there, find

find

find him

Theo.

I can see him.

The feeling in the deep part of my stomach whenever I saw him.

Strong, a good hug, I bet.

Why did I never tell him?

Why did I never tell myself?

I have to get out.

Let me out, please.

Why won't he let me out, Dad?

I'll never get out but it will.

The-
It starts with

The

but I just can't remember.

My name is Wade, I'll tell him.

Do you want to go for a hike sometime, The.. Th.. I... I know a good place. It's 
nearby. 

It's theo THEO

Can you pl...

Theo, can you please hug me, it's all I want.

It's all I want

Goodbye.

> -- next file --

‚Üê BACK

> more -d 134205-AnomArch-52-57-44

>> Corrupt data detected...

>> Corruption at 8?%...

‚Äîskipping‚Äî

???

?????????ainment Proc??????: What? No no. My... my??? close my eyes. Dont loop.

Lope. Look.

Na. No.

Wh??? why?

Ow, ol, ok.

This- this is descrip- description not contain.

Static. Electric. With zap spark like power through string wire.

Shhh quiet. I need to finish.

It smells. No, no, I no, really. Like when...

remember when you make made bread?

i wass reel real yung. First thing I remember, that smell.

My MY eyes open when I wake in crib and i smell that bread.

i remember... but i I dont remember the taste eating biting it.

i don't remember biting it

yea yeah it smell has a smell

it also has a look a shape

like swarming birds

you remember?

i remember

at the park, the one with my name

you always tell me it is named after me

and we watch the birds in the sky. like liquid in the blue. so many spots of 
black 

why did they move like that?

it looks like that, outside of the glass

like so many many hundred of birds

like black liquid in the blue

chaos but control

what kind of bird was that, dad?

i have to finish entry
how heavy is electric
can it ????????
???? it ???????? ????

DATA CORRUPTION CRITICAL

Risk of full system corruption.

Accept and continue?

DATA CORRUPTION CRITICAL

Risk of full system corruption.

Accept and continue?

can it have eyes?

New Document On Database

‚Äîloading‚Äî

‚Üê BACK

SCP-4205-FINAL

Author: Sr. Researcher Dr. Malcolm Young

Status: Submitted on 12/11/1998

Approved 12/25/1998

Item #: SCP-4205

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4205 is currently uncontained. Its status is 
unknown and active research into effective methods of containment are ongoing. 
Any manifestations of SCP-4205 are to be reported immediately to the Site 
Director Jacob Yth. Video records of SCP-4205 must be analysed frame by frame 
for any visual abnormalities, and any electronic devices nearby at the time of 
the viewing event must be thoroughly monitored for any data corruption. Early 
testing has revealed that SCP-4205 appears to be negatively affected and/or 
repelled by lead glass. 

+ Show Special Procedure 4205-Œî +

Effective immediately, all panes of glass or glass-like material at all sites 
and areas within affected Foundation sites will be replaced with 
lead-impregnated glass or coated with lead glazing. An SCP-4205 specialist will 
be assigned to all affected sites to provide guidance and oversight. As a 
secondary precaution, it is highly advised that all personnel within affected 
sites requiring vision-assisting eyeglasses have them replaced with contact 
lenses or undergo laser-assisted in situ keratomileusis (LASIK) surgery. 

Description: SCP-4205 is a visually perceived, cognitohazardous anomaly 
presenting as two adjacent, amber-hued, luminous oculiform objects within a 
transparent medium. This medium must serve as a viewing window between two 
separate, enclosed spaces. So far SCP-4205 has appeared in: 

Tempered Glass

Frosted Glass

Float Glass

Prototype Memetic Hazard Polymer Shielding

Plexiglass

Any sentient being directly viewing SCP-4205 will undergo immediate and 
irreversible brain death, with all measurable neurological activity ceasing 
within 500 milliseconds of exposure. Any digital video footage captured during 
an SCP-4205 viewing event invariably displays some level of distortion and 
corruption. Frame by frame analysis of these recordings demonstrate individual 
frames displaying various locations frequented by the affected individual. 
Analysis of this effect is ongoing. 


SCP-4205 as shown on REC-4205-09BD1. The longest known recording of the anomaly.
In one instance, the Foundation terminal that an affected individual had been 
using during the viewing event was later found with severe textual and data 
corruption. According to network editing logs, in the two and a half hours 
between the viewing event and examination of the terminal the files 
014205-AnomArch-52-57-44 through 134205-AnomArch-52-57-44 were sequentially 
inserted, archived, and given priority database positions for SCP-4205. Attempts 
at removal have been unsuccessful. 

The discovery of the anomaly and its associated hazards, as well as unsuccessful 
attempts at containment, prompted the creation of Mobile Task Force Xi-6 ‚ÄúSt. 
Elmo's Fire‚Äù, assigned to investigate SCP-4205. Following the death of Junior 
Researcher Wade Dalitz, a thorough examination of the anomalously archived files 
has been conducted by MTF Xi-6. While the experience conveyed through these 
files has revealed some information on its anomalous effects, it has thus far 
not been possible to confirm whether the experiences described therein are 
ubiquitous between all affected individuals. 

Crystallographic analysis of all transparent materials at Junior Researcher 
Dalitz' home found that the windows installed into main entrance door to the 
premises was coated in a 34% lead oxide glaze. This lead to the implementation 
of Special Procedure 4205-Œî, leading to an 84% reduction in fatalities related 
to SCP-4205 over the following fifteen months. 

Thirty-seven incidences of exposure corroborated by video evidence are recorded 
and zero subjects have survived. An archive of all affected individuals is being 
compiled by MTF Xi-6 and will be placed in this file upon completion 

Special Note: A search of the Foundation Personnel Database for a Dr. Theodore 
Quale did not result in any matches. Foundation agents later identified a Dr. 
Theodore Quale, former university classmate of the deceased Wade Dalitz, living 
in Fargo, ND. Questioning of this individual has thus far not been deemed 
necessary. 

‚Üê BACK

