                                    SCP-4420                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                A Potato Thirst                                 
                                ---------------                                 

Item #: SCP-4420 

Level 2/4420

Containment Class: Euclid 

RESTRICTED

- DISPLAYING ARCHIVED DOCUMENTATION…

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4420 is situated in a secure position in the 
Site-82 Arboretum. Tentative Containment Module #819 regulates the entrance to 
an artificial pocket dimension large enough to confine SCP-4420. Containment 
technicians have installed four synchronized Scranton–Marlowe Topology 
Stabilizers, which maintain dimensional stability inside the module. 

Description: SCP-4420 is a red Idaho potato with a current mass of 400 million 
kg and external dimensions of 150 metres by 65 metres by 55 metres. SCP-4420 
displays the following ectoentropic properties: 

SCP-4420 responds to moisture shrinkage (~5% every two weeks) by generating a 
new amount of moist potato matter. During this event, a random Idaho citizen's 
drinking water transforms into starch-rich potato-flavoured water, which grants 
the ability to commune with potatoes for 3 to 10 hr after consumption. 

Exposure to electromagnetic radiation in the human visual spectrum (λ = 400 nm 
to 700 nm) produces potato matter of a randomized form. This matter relates to 
potatoes at various conceptual levels, be that immediate or vague. The new 
matter grows alongside SCP-4420 and attaches itself via esoteric means beyond 
current agricultural understanding. Observed forms include: 

Any variation of the 5000 potato varieties grown globally.

Types of cooked potatoes such as mashed potatoes, French fries, and potato 
chips. 

1996 Idaho County Junior League Potato Sack Race champion Michelle Brown, age 6.

A species of Jerusalem cricket (colloquially known as the potato bug) composed 
of sweet potato. These insects have infested ~8% of SCP-4420 to date. 

Memetic ennui affecting 10% of persons within a 5-km radius.

SCP-4420 displays evident immunity to decay. SCP-4420 consumes most organic 
irregularities almost immediately after their growth, and produces healthy 
potato matter in their place. 

SCP-4420 consumes food and organic waste within 20 metres of its surface. Any 
nearby organic material transforms into a potato tuber of equal mass and 
teleports into SCP-4420. This includes small animals up to 5 kg in mass. 
As of current documentation, SCP-4420 has been growing for 22 years.


UPDATES

I. 10 May 2019

Field researchers discovered foreign fluid with trace amounts of thaumic 
contaminants in the local groundwater. The Site-82 Operations Command Office 
initiated Mandate 3731-Ov91, which calls for immediate lockdown and destruction 
of foreign substances. Security staff considered the lockdown successful within 
the hour. 

Because of its containment location, however, SCP-4420 remained unaccounted for.

At 21:51 CDT, SCP-4420 absorbed thaumic fluids and developed sapience lasting 
for 32 hours. During this time, it displayed the ability to manipulate 
informational constructs. SCP-4420 then disseminated 362 SMS messages to on-site 
staff. 

A series of received messages is as follows.

can you see me

pls look at me

im big

look at me

do you think im pretty

is that what i rly look like

no way

is that how you see me ☹️

you cant see me like this

im not good enough am i

not for you

how could i be

leave me alone

im a monster

im sorry i look this way


II. 12 May 2019

At 05:51 CDT, SCP-4420 ceased all anomalous growth and displayed signs of 
accelerated decomposition. 

SCP-4420 has been reclassified as NEUTRALIZED.


