                                    SCP-5153                                    
                                    ========                                    

                           The Meteor Who Cried Wolf                            
                           -------------------------                            

NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following documents have been archived from the American Secure Containment 
Initiative (ASCI) and SCP Foundation databases. They have been preserved for 
historical context regarding SCP-5153. 

— Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

08/12/2018


Threat Catalog Number: ASCI-5153

Threat Level: Black

Containment of Threat: In preparation for an imminent extinction-level asteroid 
impact event, ASCI-2000 is to be prepared and all essential personnel are to be 
evacuated. 

Description of Threat: ASCI-5153 is a large asteroid that is presently on course 
to impact Earth in late June 1908 (N.S.). The effects of such an impact are 
expected to destroy all life on Earth. 
 
May God help us all.

Page revision 1/5 from 06/10/1908


Next iteration from 02/02/1923

Item #: SCP-5153

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: Foundation plants within the global scientific 
community are to coordinate the dissemimation of disinformation campaign 
Gamma-19 ("Airburst") to conceal the true nature of SCP-5153. 

Description: SCP-5153 refers to a large asteroid impact that occurred on 30 June 
1908 near the Podkamennaya Tunguska River in Russia. SCP-5153 was caused by a 
fifteen kilometer meteor entering Earth's atmosphere before spontaneously 
demanifesting approximately seven to ten kilometers above the planet's surface. 
The energy required to displace SCP-5153 resulted in a 15 megaton explosion that 
destroyed 2,150 km2 of the Siberian taiga and killed three people. 

Page revision 2/5 from 02/02/1923


Next iteration from 01/14/1947

Item #: SCP-5153 

Level 5/5153

Containment Class: Keter 

CLASSIFIED

Item #: SCP-5153

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: In accordance with the United Nations Near Earth 
Object Mandate of 1945, the SCP Foundation is working with the United Nations 
Global Occult Coalition, the United States NME Pentagram Division, and various 
other Groups of Interest to ensure the continued survival of humanity. SCP-2000 
has been placed on standby and is ready for activation at the behest of the O5 
Council. Foundation .aic Alexandria has been tasked with tracking the progress 
of SCP-5153. 

Description: SCP-5153 is an asteroid measuring approximately thirteen kilometers 
across which is on course to impact Earth on 12 February 1947. Foundation 
astrophysicists have predicted that the object will collide with Earth in the 
Sikhote-Alin Mountains, USSR, and that the effects of such an impact will be 
comparable to those of the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event, up to and 
including the extinction of more than 75% of all life on Earth. 

Addendum 5153.1: Foundation .aic Alexandria logs

Time and Date (GMT — DD/MM/YYYY)	

Distance From Earth	

Estimated Time of Arrival


0000 — 01/01/46	

2,890,000 km	

1y 1m 11d


0000 — 01/06/46	

1,530,000 km	

0y 7m 11d


0000 — 01/01/47	

360,000 km	

0y 1m 11d


0000 — 01/02/47	

220,000 km	

0y 0m 11d


0000 — 11/02/47	

7,000 km	

0y 0m 1d


0000 — 12/02/47	

[SUBJECT NOT FOUND]	

[SUBJECT NOT FOUND]
 
Page revision 3/5 from 01/14/1947


Next iteration from 10/16/2018

Item #: SCP-5153

Level 1/5153

Containment Class: Safe

CLASSIFIED

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5153 is to be contained via a low-intensity 
disinformation campaign. Foundation scientists are to track and monitor all 
potential Near Earth Objects in search of SCP-5153. In the event that SCP-5153 
is rediscovered, its trajectory and estimated time of arrival are to be tracked. 
SCP-5153 is not to be neutralized, as it does not pose a risk to both the 
continued survival of humanity and the Veil. 

Description: SCP-5153 is a meteor measuring approximately thirteen kilometers 
across. Invariably, SCP-5153 will approach Earth, seemingly on a course to 
impact somewhere in Siberia. Despite this, SCP-5153 will demanifest when it is 
within fifteen kilometers from the ground, resulting in a large explosion 
without a crater of any kind. 


Addendum 5153.1: Confirmed Manifestations of SCP-5153.

Confirmed manifestations of SCP-5153 have occurred in 1908, 1941, 1947, 2002, 
2009, 2013, 2017, and 2018. Foundation astrophysicists are currently tracking a 
Near Earth Object that is believed to be SCP-5153, which is on a course to make 
impact in February of 2020. 

Date of Impact	

Location	

Casualties


30 June 1908	

Tunguska River, Russia	

Three dead


9 April 1941	

Chelyabinsk, USSR	

None


12 February 1947	

Sikhote-Alin Mountains, USSR	

None


25 September 2002	

Bodaybo, Russia	

None


7 February 2009	

Tyumen Oblast, Russia	

None


15 February 2013	

Chelyabinsk, Russia	

1491 injured


15 December 2017	

Kamchatka, Russia	

None


18 December 2018	

Kamchatka, Russia	

None


Predicted to arrive 25 February 2020	

Predicted to land in Lake Baikal, Russia	

No Casualties Predicted 
 

Page revision 4/5 from 08/12/2018


Next iteration from 02/25/2020

SCP-5153

SCiP Net Database

SCP-5153

ERROR: UNABLE TO CONNECT TO THE FOUNDATION DATABASE
 
[DATA LOST]


