                                    SCP-4659                                    
                                    ========                                    

                     Close Encounters of the Sardonic Kind                      
                     -------------------------------------                      

Submission Item #: SCP-4659 

Submission Containment Class: Keter 

Submission Project Head: Senior Researcher Diane J. Patterson 

Supporting Personnel*: 

Senior Researcher James P. Sullivan 

Junior Researcher Eliza S. Hernstein 

Junior Researcher Zachary L. Browne 

Proposal: At its current pace, SCP-4659 poses an imminent threat to the 
Foundation's veil of secrecy. The proliferation of SCP-4659-1 instances appears 
to be growing exponentially, and while the Foundation has been able to suppress 
much of the information about SCP-4659 both on- and off-line, the current growth 
trends signify an increasing difficulty of containment efforts and a possible 
lifting of the veil. 

The problems posed by SCP-4659 are twofold: 

Unlike other anomalies which proliferate on the Internet, SCP-4659 directly 
manifests onto hardware, which does not easily register to Foundation 
webcrawlers or bots. While numerous computer models are able to have their 
hardware monitored by the Foundation (including IBM, Dell, and Apple), the 
growing variety of computer models leaves SCP-4659 vulnerable to discovery, and 
in some cases, spreading. In fact, current models estimate that 2-3% of all 
SCP-4659-1 instances are discovered without Foundation intervention. Combined 
with the possibility that dissemination of SCP-4659 can extend beyond hardware 
(as evidenced by a radio station in Willoughby, OH being intercepted to play the 
audio of an SCP-4659-1 instance), containment of SCP-4659 will soon become 
near-impossible. 

Unlike other anomalies broadcasted from extradimensional locations, the amount 
of production value which would have to go into fabricating SCP-4659 is close to 
unbelievable. Even if it were simpler to explain the content of SCP-4659-1 
instances away as parody or satire, the method by which SCP-4659-1 instances are 
disseminated is difficult to easily justify. 

As attempting to contain SCP-4659 in the two approaches explained above is 
proving to be sharply decreasing in expediency, we are therefore proposing that 
SCP-4659 be considered for decommissioning. 

Method(s): In order to discourage the further production of SCP-4659-1 
instances, we are proposing to attempt direct contact with SCP-4659-2 via its 
provided business email (which has since been deactivated to non-Foundation 
personnel) in order to convince it to terminate the creation of SCP-4659. Along 
with the execution of current containment procedures, planned course of action 
is as follows: 

Demand the forced discontinuation of the production of SCP-4659-1 instances to 
SCP-4659-2 under the guise of: 

Profane and obscene content 

Copyright infringement 

Harassment 

Should SCP-4659-2 be unwilling to comply with these requests, manufacture 
negative reception of SCP-4659 in emails directed towards SCP-4659-2. 

Our hopes are that this protocol will dissuade SCP-4659-2 from making new 
SCP-4659-1 instances due to an overwhelmingly negative reception. Further 
methods are to be discussed should either of these methods fail in the 
discontinuation of SCP-4659 production. 

— Sen. Researcher Diane Patterson 

Submission Consensus (DD): RATIFIED ● (4-2-1) 

* Must be of level 3 clearance or higher. 


Addendum 4659.3: Excerpt from SCP-4659-1-8 

- ACCESS scpfn://4659/videos/1.8.log 

VIDEO LOG EXCERPT OF SCP-4659-1-8 

Instance Title: In Response to the Haters (+ Sneak Peek for "Am I Maztacle?" 
Review!) 

Duration: 6:58 

Foreword: Prior to the making of this video, the Foundation had initiated a 
number of emails claiming SCP-4659-1 instances of infringing on copyright, in 
addition to issuing several purported complaints from fans about the negative 
quality of SCP-4659. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

The video opens on a still shot of what appears to be a doorway. SCP-4659-2, 
clothed in an all-black suit, steadily approaches the camera. 

SCP-4659-2: (Mockingly) Hey you! 

Video cuts to shot of SCP-4659-2 in its normal attire. It swiftly turns its head 
to the right in mock surprise. 

SCP-4659-2: What are — what are you doing here — 

Video cuts back to SCP-4659-2 in its all-black attire. 

SCP-4659-2: (Mockingly) Is this the Dissector's house? Where are they? 

SCP-4659-2 (voiceover): Well, uh, I'm the Dissector — 

SCP-4659-2: (Mockingly) All right then! Stop right there, you are under arrest 
for copyright infringement and harassment! 

Video cuts to a composite shot of SCP-4659-2 dressed in its normal attire at the 
left side and SCP-4659-2 in its all-black suit on the right. 

SCP-4659-2: Wait, no, you can't do that, my work is protected under fair use — 

SCP-4659-2: (Mockingly) Nope! Doesn't matter! You have the wrong opinion, you're 
just asking for arrest. 

SCP-4659-2: No! Please! Give me a chance! Let me prove myself, just — 

SCP-4659-2: (Mockingly) Never! Go away, you puddle of — 

Video abruptly cuts to a shot of SCP-4659-2 in its normal attire out of 
character. It appears to be holding the camera for themselves. 

SCP-4659-2: Hey, uh, so that was just a little — summary of what's been 
happening, of some of the hate I've been getting online as of recently. Probably 
not any of y'all, though, y'all are cool like that… 

Oh, and if you uh, like the video, be sure to send me an email saying that you 
liked it. I haven't been getting too much of those, and feedback always helps 
— I'm new to this whole video thing, so it always helps to hear what y'all 
think. 

Uh, so some people have been pointing at my stuff that I do, and they're saying, 
you know, "Oh, the Dissector's an, uh, they're nitpicky, they're unfunny, your 
show is bad, the movies are copyrighted, cancel it already, yadda yadda…" And, 
you know, those types who're saying all these things about me, this video goes 
out to them. Really, all I can say is, if you have to resort to name-calling 
like that, I'd just like to politely ask you to stay the fuck outta my business, 
okay? 

Look, if you've got nothing to say, don't say it. Unless you're coming to me for 
constructive criticism, don't be coming out here and saying I hate this and I 
hate that just 'cause I make jokes about me not liking 'em. They're jokes, 
alright? Don't take them too seriously. No, really, cut it out. Let me do what I 
want. Fuck y'all. 

SCP-4659-2 raises its left hand and sticks up its middle tendril, pushing the 
hand closer to the camera and making a brief hissing noise. 

SCP-4659-2: All right, now that that's over, here's a little sneak peek of my 
next video. Hope you like it. 

[END LOG] 


Addendum 4659.4: Decommissioning Proposal Revision, 06/10/2005 

- ACCESS scpfn://4659/documents/decom2.log 

PROPOSED REVISIONS TO SCP-4659 DECOMMISSIONING 

Submission Item #: SCP-4659 

Submission Containment Class: Keter 

Submission Project Head: Senior Researcher Diane J. Patterson 

Supporting Personnel*: 

Senior Researcher James P. Sullivan 

Junior Researcher Zachary L. Browne 

Junior Researcher Georgia A. Josefiak 

Proposal: While the current decommissioning efforts have managed to maintain 
contact with SCP-4659-2, the measures that have been taken have only led to an 
increase in the production and proliferation of SCP-4659-1 instances. SCP-4659-2 
has demonstrated hostility to the advances the Foundation made in order to 
convince it to cease SCP-4659 production, dismissing the initiated comments as 
being unfounded and useless, and in apparent spite towards the Foundation's 
efforts, SCP-4659-2 has apparently accelerated the production of new SCP-4659 
instances. It is apparent that the current efforts put in place have 
significantly exacerbated efforts of containment; therefore, we are proposing 
several revisions to the decommissioning protocol. 

Method(s): Given that SCP-4659-2 has been invariably hostile to any directly 
negative feedback, and given that SCP-4659-2 has at numerous times asked for 
constructive criticism of SCP-4659 from its followers, we therefore propose the 
following course of action: 

While posing as followers of SCP-4659, offer faulty advice to SCP-4659-2 about 
how it can improve future SCP-4659-1 instances. Current proposals for advice 
center around components which are more difficult to fulfill, such as: 

Producing longer videos 

Including more visual aids 

Utilizing more props and clothing 

While still under the guise of SCP-4659 followers, issue negative feedback about 
the newly produced SCP-4659-1 instances. 

Our hopes for this new protocol are that, in discovering the adverse appraisal 
from its supposed followers, SCP-4659-2 will become dissatisfied in making newer 
SCP-4659-1 instances due to its negative reception. 

Submission Consensus (DD): RATIFIED ● (3-2-2) 

* Must be of level 3 clearance or higher. 


Addendum 4659.5: Excerpt from SCP-4659-1-12 

- ACCESS scpfn://4659/videos/1.12.log 

VIDEO LOG EXCERPT OF SCP-4659-1-12 

Instance Title: DISSECTOR REVIEWS EPISODE 8: "TIME AND TIME AGAIN" 

Duration: 19:43 

Foreword: At this point, a week prior to the release of this video, the 
Foundation had issued numerous emails to SCP-4659-2 per decommissioning 
protocol. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

The video begins with SCP-4659-2 seated at a table, dressed in a crudely 
constructed outfit composing of green, blue, red, and black chunks of fabric. 

SCP-4659-2: (Shouting) Hi all, it's me, the Dissector. Now, before the video 
starts, and it's a long one, I just wanna give a huge shout-out to y'all for 
reaching out to me and helping me with all of this. You can probably see I've 
made a custom outfit right here, spent a couple nights workin' on it. Y'all also 
told me to work on the editing, on the visuals a bit more, and I think it came 
out really nice, so hope you like it. Also cut some of the swearing out, some of 
you were complaining about that. Hey, I'm telling you, it's a lot harder than it 
looks. And if you turn around the camera… 

The camera swivels around to reveal another entity similar to SCP-4659-2 holding 
it. Camera swivels back to SCP-4659-2. 

SCP-4659-2: (Shouting) Now hey, would you look at that, I got myself a 
cameraman! Would you go ahead and say hi for me, Qopianto? 

Sounds of gargling behind the camera. 

SCP-4659-2: (Shouting) Ah, what the hell. Uh, anyway, I worked really, really 
hard on all this new stuff for you all, so it would help if you'd give some 
feedback on this video and tell me if you liked it. Even got some skits for you 
here, think y'all might like those. Well, I've done enough talking for now, on 
with the video! 

[END LOG] 


Addendum 4659.6: Decommission Report, 06/28/2005 

- ACCESS scpfn://4659/documents/decom3.log 

DECOMMISSION REPORT OF SCP-4659 

Submission Item #: SCP-4659 

Former Containment Class: Keter 

Report Compiler: Senior Researcher Diane J. Patterson 

Report: On 06/27/2005, shortly after the Foundation issued a series of emails 
containing negative feedback towards it, SCP-4659-2 issued the following message 
in an email forwarded to many of the Foundation-operated accounts: 


To: bobbyhelms05@torchmail.drk, wrightb020@torchmail.drk, 19 other accounts 

From: The Dissector (dissectormail@torchmail.drk) 

Subject: I'm Done. 

Hey all, 

I think it's time to tell you something I've been wanting to say for a long time 
- I'm quitting this. It seems like when I put out something I've been spending 
days on end working on, you people just take a look at it and laugh. And you 
know what? Fuck it. I don't want to deal with this anymore. If you want the show 
back, like it seems all of you do, feel free to take those concerns and shove 
them up your excrement-filled anuses. Oh wait, is that too "obscene" for you? 
Fuck off, goodbye. 

- Dissector 


Decommission protocol declared successful, SCP-4659 reclassed as Decommissioned. 



Footnotes 

1. Though its main language appears to be a guttural language as-of-yet 
undeciphered to the Foundation, SCP-4659-2 is also fluent in English. 

2. At times, SCP-4659-2 will produce an unstructured video addressing certain 
events in its life. 

3. Notably, none of the films reviewed by SCP-4659-2 have corresponded to any 
films in our world. 

4. Email since discontinued. 

5. Derived from the filename of the video at time of manifestation. 


