                                    SCP-3844                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                To Slay A Dragon                                
                                ----------------                                

NOTICE FROM THE RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You are currently viewing an out of date version of this file that has been 
preserved for posterity. Please note that information presented herein may be 
misleading or incorrect. 

Uploader Note: The following documentation is the earliest Foundation record of 
SCP-3844. However, this was originally drafted before the Foundation formalized 
the process of describing containment procedures and anomalies. It is archived 
here solely for posterity. 

Correspondence From The Dolomite Mountains Regarding Anomalous Activity

21st of April, 1906

Dear Fredrick,

A dragon. There was a dragon in the mountains. And it looked just like we'd 
imagined. 

Galviston and I had to follow our guide for about six hours before we first saw 
the beast. It soared over one peak, let out a low roar that loosened snow from 
the mountainside, and then dived out of sight. Its wings blocked out the sun 
like a cloud passing over head. I wish the whole lab could have seen it. 

It took us another two hours to reach the dragon's cavern. It was a massive 
cave, filled with gems and goblets and other such valuables. We never reached 
the end of that cave, but judging from the echoes our footfalls made, we 
would've needed rations to make it there. 

We gave up our search for the dragon for the day, thinking it was still flying 
about, and started our return trek to the outside. And then, just as we summited 
the last hill of treasure, we heard that roar. We froze, unsure if the noise 
came from our front or our back. The tension only faded after it spoke. 

It welcomed us as guests.

The dragon motioned for us to come closer as it ambled in front of the maw of 
the cave. It had an accent like yours! Except lower and more gravelly. It took 
Galviston and I a few moments to come to our senses, and our guide a few more. 

The beast was quite the gentlemen if I do say so. It changed its form to 
resemble a young man to make us feel more relaxed. I held a lengthy discussion 
with it while Galviston took notes. It was surprisingly well-versed in 
modern-day affairs. When I introduced ourselves as men of science, it called us 
"a new age of knights". 

But do not fret, I did my duty. I'm surprised it worked, given our extreme lack 
of resources. I negotiated reasonable terms to keep the dragon contained within 
the Dolomites. I've transcribed the exact operating procedure below, but it 
agreed in writing. I can only hope it doesn't double cross us. But until then, 
those Italian officials should be content with our work, even if we've never 
handled an anomaly this massive before. 

I will return once I've met with the Italians again to organize the whole 
affair. Next time Fredrick, you'll come with us. You and George and the whole 
lab! Words cannot do this majestic beast justice. I'll bring some gin so we can 
drink together one day. 

Sincerely, Lester

Here are the negotiation terms:

The dragon known as Tharnock (henceforth "The Anomaly") has agreed to:

Limit expeditions from its abode to one (1) time per day.
Expeditions will remain within the confines of the Dolomite Mountains, and will 
maintain a low elevation. 
Refrain from vocalizing during expeditions.
In return, the Anomaly Investigation Foundation (henceforth "The Foundation") 
has agreed to: 

Recruit one (1) ambassador to interact with The Anomaly once per week.
Punish any attempts to steal valuables from The Anomaly.
To maintain the secrecy of The Anomaly, the Nation of Italy (henceforth "The 
State") will: 

Discourage civilians from entering the Dolomite Mountains.
Discredit any accounts of The Anomaly.
Page revision 1/4 from 04/21/1906

Next iteration from 08/12/1941


SCP-3844

NOTICE FROM THE RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You are currently viewing an out of date version of this file that has been 
preserved for posterity. Please note that information presented herein may be 
misleading or incorrect. 


Item #: SCP-3844

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: While proper facilities are under construction, 
SCP-3844 is to be contained at its dwelling within the Dolomite Mountains. A 
100m x 100m perimeter is to be regularly patrolled by Foundation personnel to 
ensure no civilians come into contact with SCP-3844. 

Anti-aircraft artillery is to be positioned around SCP-3844's dwelling. 
Artillery is to fire at any airborne entities over the containment perimeter. 
Any evidence of the existence of SCP-3844 is to be attributed to bombing runs. 

Once a week, one D-Class is to be sent to interact with SCP-3844. Stealing items 
from SCP-3844 is prohibited. 

Description: SCP-3844 is a winged reptile, measuring 73.76m from tail to head 
with a wing span of 67.42m. It is estimated to mass 27,000kg. SCP-3844's scales 
are of a purple hue, except around the stomach where they are much lighter. 
SCP-3844 is capable of expelling fire at 3400°C from its mouth through an 
unknown method. 

SCP-3844 is capable of speech in at least 14 languages, and has an extensive 
knowledge of world events. During interactions with personnel, SCP-3844 takes on 
the form of an adult male human, however SCP-3844 can mimic the appearance of 
any human. 

SCP-3844 inhabits a cavern that contains a currently unquantified amount of 
valuable metals. SCP-3844 often burrows underneath these materials, where it 
presumably sleeps. 

Addendum: The following is a transcript of an interview between Dr. Lester 
Fegmont and SCP-3844. 

<Begin Log>

Fegmont: Good evening.

SCP-3844: Lester! It's been decades, I believe. Although I guess you never 
specified a time for your return visit. Or circumstances. 

Fegmont: I'm sorry about the err… updates, but war time calls for extreme 
measures. 

SCP-3844: Ah, so the new-age knights still fight old-time battles.

Fegmont: I wouldn't say that we fight really. We just make sure the battles 
don't expose things people aren't supposed to see. 

SCP-3844: Like me?

Fegmont: Yes, like you. But trust me, there are much, much worse things.

SCP-3844: I see. Did you at least bring the gin this time?

Fegmont: [smiles] I might run the show around here, but I still can't drink on 
the job. 

SCP-3844: [laughs] Next time, then.

Fegmont: Of course.

SCP-3844: And will I ever be allowed to fly again?

Fegmont: Hopefully. But not before the war ends.

SCP-3844: The war is your whole world, isn't it?

Fegmont: Not so much. Governments just pay us to keep anomalies out of the hands 
of the other side. Can't imagine what would happen if people got ahold of 
anomalous rifles or— 

SCP-3844: Dragons.

Fegmont: Yes, dragons.

Silence.

SCP-3844: Do you still perform research like you used to? I remember how you 
spoke of the lab. 

Fegmont: We do. We do. One day, this war will end, but others of uh… your type 
show no signs of slowing down. 

SCP-3844: Sharpening your swords.

Fegmont: I guess that's the apt analogy.

SCP-3844: And your fellow men eye me the same way knights did too. Like a prize.

Fegmont: They're just taking the measurements I should've made when we first 
met. I'll come back when we discover new things to evaluate. 

SCP-3844: And at the end of the war, right?

Fegmont: And at the end of the war.

SCP-3844: I do hope I can trust you to uphold that.

Fegmont: Of course you can. But until then, do you have any further questions? I 
believe all of mine have been answered. 

SCP-3844: Don't worry about me when there are larger issues at hand. You have a 
war to fight after all. 

<End Log>


NOTICE FROM THE RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You are currently viewing an out of date version of this file that has been 
preserved for posterity. Please note that information presented herein may be 
misleading or incorrect. 

Changes from the previous iteration are highlighted in blue


Item #: SCP-3844

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: While proper facilities are under construction 
SCP-3844 is to be contained at its dwelling within the Dolomite Mountains. A 
100m x 100m perimeter is to be regularly patrolled by Foundation personnel to 
ensure no civilians come into contact with SCP-3844. 

Anti-aircraft artillery is to be positioned around SCP-3844's dwelling. 
Artillery is to fire at any airborne entities over the containment perimeter. 
Any evidence of the existence of SCP-3844 is to be attributed to bombing runs. 
Artillery is only to be used in the event of a full scale containment breach. 

Once a week, one D-Class member of the SCP-3844 project is to be sent to 
interact with SCP-3844, and take temperature and radiation measurements. A team 
of researchers are to take size measurements, perform IQ tests, and determine 
the maximum temperature of fire SCP-3844 can expel once per month. Personnel 
caught stealing items from SCP-3844 are to be disciplined accordingly. 

SCP-3844 is to be provided with the following reading material as part of its 
monthly measurements: 

Time Magazine

Science Magazine

Nature Magazine

Communications of the ACM

Description: SCP-3844 is a winged reptile, measuring 73.76m 50.22m from tail to 
head, and with a wing span of 67.42m 42.78m1. It is estimated to mass 27,000kg 
18,000kg. SCP-3844's scales are of a purple blue hue, except around the stomach 
where they are much lighter. SCP-3844 is capable of expelling fire at 3400°C 
from its mouth through an unknown method forcefully expelling a methane vapor 
from its mouth (achieving temperatures as high as 1950°C), and igniting it 
through unknown means. 

SCP-3844 is capable of speech in at least 14 7 languages, and has an extensive 
moderate knowledge of world events. During direct interactions with personnel, 
SCP-3844 takes the form of an adult male, however SCP-3844 claims it can mimic 
the appearance of any human. 

SCP-3844 inhabits an immense cavern that contains a currently unquantified 
amount of valuable metals 2.69x106kg of valuable metals (approximately 2.6 
billion US dollars). SCP-3844 often burrows underneath these materials, where it 
presumably sleeps. 

In conversation, SCP-3844 has confirmed that it is the inspiration behind a 
number of european myths involving dragons. It also claims to be the model for 
the Welsh flag2. 

Addendum: The following is a transcript of an interview between Dr. Lester 
Fegmont O5-2 and SCP-3844. 

<Begin Log>

SCP-3844: I see you've finally returned. A few years late, but I guess that's 
only to be expected. 

O5-2: Yes, I guess I am a little late. Sorry about that.

SCP-3844: Don't worry about it. You're obviously busy, and in the meantime, I've 
had all manner of new reading material. How long had you known about the nature 
of light? 

O5-2: [smiles] Decades at least.

SCP-3844: And the inner workings of our smallest building block?

O5-2: We cracked open the atom during the war.

SCP-3844: Before long you might have an explanation for my kind!

O5-2: Well, you'd be surprised how far science can get you. My division has 
discovered that some things aren't even anomalous in the first place. 

SCP-3844: So, has science finally found a way to let me stretch my wings?

O5-2: Unfortunately, due to certain advances in radar, we can't risk you leaving 
the cavern. However, I've asked others to devise a way to possibly… expand 
your home. 

SCP-3844: Oh have you? I'm looking forward to this now.

O5-2: I do have to be on my way. Hopefully I will see you again.

SCP-3844: I hope so as well.

<End Log>

Page revision 3/4 from 03/22/1984

Footnotes
1. According to most recent measurements.
2. "I used to be red you know. A vibrant red to match the fire I'd breathe. 
Those were indeed good days." 

Next iteration from 11/04/2007

NOTICE FROM THE RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
You are currently viewing the most recently updated version of this file.

Changes from the previous iteration are highlighted in blue

Item #: SCP-3844

Object Class: Euclid Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-3844 are to be kept in a 
standard containment locker for non-anomalous materials. The former location of 
SCP-3844's dwelling is to be inspected once every 72 hours for possible 
anomalous activity. 

Description: SCP-3844 is was a winged reptile, measuring 50.22m 10.30m from tail 
to head, and with a wing span of 42.78m 8.33m1. It is was estimated to weigh 
18,000kg 235kg. SCP-3844's scales are were of a pale blue hue, except around the 
stomach where they are much lighter were completely white. SCP-3844 is was 
capable of forcefully expelling a methane vapor from its mouth (achieving 
temperatures as high as 1950°C), and igniting it through unknown means through 
an instantaneous application of thaumaturgical incantation #043. 

SCP-3844 is was capable of speech in 7 at most 2 languages, and has moderate had 
little knowledge of world events. During interactions with personnel, SCP-3844 
takes took the form of an adult male, however SCP-3844 claims it can claimed it 
could mimic the appearance of any human2. 

SCP-3844 inhabits inhabited an immense cavern that contains contained 
approximately 5.22x104kg of valuable metals (approximately 2.6 billion 13.4 
million US 1984 dollars). SCP-3844 often burrows burrowed underneath these 
materials, where it presumably sleeps. 

In conversation, SCP-3844 has had confirmed that it is the inspiration behind a 
number of european myths involving dragons. It also claims claimed to be the 
model for the Welsh flag3. 

Addendum: The following is a transcript of an the final interview between O5-2 
and SCP-3844 before SCP-3844 attempted to breach containment. 

<Begin Log>

SCP-3844: Why, hello. I'm a little surprised you showed up.

O5-2: You did ask to speak with the person in charge of your containment. I've 
been doing this since the beginning. 

SCP-3844: It's not that I expected you to decline my request. I'm surprised 
you're still upright instead of laying down under the earth somewhere. 

O5-2: I mean, it's nothing special. I tried to refuse, but the council insist 
they keep their figure head in pristine condition. It's just a bit of 
thaumaturgy and temporal technology. 

SCP-3844: It's magic, is what it is.

O5-2: Everything is science when you examine it for long enough.

SCP-3844: That is more or less what I've learned over that past century or so. 
Which is really too bad. 

O5-2: How so?

SCP-3844: Have you ever looked up at the stars as of late?

O5-2: Not really, no.

SCP-3844: Regardless, can you tell me what you would see?

O5-2: Stars?

SCP-3844: But what are stars?

O5-2: Balls of flaming gas. If you want me to be more specific I could list 
their chemical components. 

SCP-3844: No, that's fine. I've read up on them myself. However, do you know 
what a duke once told me many, many years ago when I asked him the same thing? 

O5-2: I believe he would've given a much less accurate answer.

SCP-3844: He said, "They're little lights from the heavens." His voice spoke 
with awe, much like yours when we first met. 

O5-2: Are you grieving over the advancement of science? Upset that we can now 
understand you? 

SCP-3844: No, I'm mourning the death of spectacles and miracles. I wish I could 
embrace science, but it takes away so much of what I enjoy about this world of 
ours. It appears I'm allergic to the stuff. 

O5-2: Well, I don't have much I can do about that.

SCP-3844: I understand. It's fine. I think I'll finally have to break our 
agreement, although in fairness you did not exactly uphold your end. 

O5-2: I can't just let you leave.

SCP-3844: I see no way for you to stop me. I really must be going. My wings have 
not felt the rush of air in a century, and I can hear my kin's beck and call. 

O5-2: You seem quite confident.

SCP-3844: Confidence is all I have left. I don't want to believe that the world 
doesn't need its whimsy anymore. 

<End Log>

SCP-3844 was terminated by the anti-aircraft artillery stationed around its 
dwelling. However, inspection of SCP-3844's projected trajectory uncovered the 
remains of a non-anomalous Draco volans4. 

Additionally, the location of SCP-3844 no longer contained a large cavern, but 
instead a small hole, approximately 1m deep, and 2m in diameter. 

Page revision 4/4 from 11/04/2007

Upload New Iteration



Footnotes

1. According to most recent measurements.

2. This claim has yet to be corroborated by any evidence.

3. "I used to be red you know. A vibrant red to match the fire I'd breath. Those 
were indeed good days." 

4. A species of lizard known as the "common flying dragon"



Loading New Iteration...

NOTICE FROM THE RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following is a provisional document, and may contain incorrect or incomplete 
information. This document is to be updated as investigation progresses. 

Item #: SCP-3844

Object Class: Keter (pending review)

Special Containment Procedures: O5-2 has been assigned to oversee the 
investigation of SCP-3844 and the development of appropriate long-term 
containment procedures. Until this time, O5-2 will act as necessary to ensure 
the Foundation's objectives are met in regards to the anomaly. 

Description: SCP-3844 is the collective designation for numerous, large, winged 
lizards located within the Himalayans, Rockies, Appalachians, Andes and 
Dolomites. 

Uploader's Note: Dragons. There are still dragons in the mountains.

Page revision 5/5 from 8/31/2020

Document successfully updated.


