                                    SCP-4190                                    
                                    ========                                    

                         A Twenty Thousand League Delay                         
                         ------------------------------                         

Item #: SCP-4190 

Level 2/4190

Containment Class: Safe 

Disruption Class: DARK

RESTRICTED

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4190 is kept in a standard SAFE-Class 
containment locker in the Anomalous Objects Wing of Site-82. 

Personnel experiencing recurring nightmares involving being watched or pursued 
by shadowy figures are advised to record their experiences in a standard dream 
report and relay these experiences to Site-82's Psychiatry Office. 

Description: SCP-4190 is a 48-page magazine measuring 18 cm by 26 cm, printed on 
lightweight-coated (LWC) paper. 

The magazine's contents feature detailed descriptions of peculiar deep-sea 
phenomena as observed by divers, submersibles, submarines, autonomous 
surveillance drones, and fish-based optics. 

Persons that read SCP-4190's cover or contents report experiencing vivid 
hypnagogic hallucinations1 followed by nightmares within three to seven days. 
Reported events vary between persons; most report the recurring sensation of not 
being alone in the dream. 

Notable tests with SCP-4190 are as follows.

STANDARD DREAM LOG

NOTE: Each participant was requested to read SCP-4190 for approximately 30 
minutes in a controlled setting. Any nightmares experienced within a week of 
reading were to be relayed to an on-site psychiatric specialist and recorded via 
audio device. 

Only willing participants were selected for this test.


PARTICIPANT: D-3467

ESTIMATED DEGREE OF RECALL: LOW

NIGHTMARE SUMMARY: Participant reported walking through a damp, dark, narrow 
hallway. Both the ceiling and the end of the hall could not be seen at any point 
during the dream. About halfway through the walk, they reported seeing a black 
figure in their periphery. Turning around failed to reveal its location. 


PARTICIPANT: D-3852

ESTIMATED DEGREE OF RECALL: MEDIUM

NIGHTMARE SUMMARY: Participant reported arriving at the base of a tall hill at 
the edge of a dense forest. No illumination — natural or man-made — was 
reported, although they claimed it was twilight. They climbed the hill. At one 
point, they stumbled, losing a third of their progress, after which they 
reported the sensation of being watched. They spent the rest of the dream 
searching for potential predators, but could not locate any. 


PARTICIPANT: Psionics Specialist Samara Maclear

ESTIMATED DEGREE OF RECALL: HIGH

NIGHTMARE SUMMARY: Participant reported finding themselves out of breath in 
front of a large black gate surrounded by dead trees and heavy mist. No fences 
or connective material could be located. After failing to open the gate, they 
turned around 180 degrees and walked away from the barrier; the gate appeared in 
front of them, stopping them. They attempted this action approximately 49 times, 
to no avail. 

Near the end of the dream, they sighted an indeterminate figure on the other 
side of the gate ambling toward them. Direct visual contact with the entity was 
maintained until the mist became too dense to see. 


PARTICIPANT: On-Site Researcher Jessie Quattrociocchi

ESTIMATED DEGREE OF RECALL: MEDIUM

NIGHTMARE SUMMARY: Participant experienced a false awakening, believing they 
were traversing the site. They attempted to travel to their designated 
para-science research station, noting that the halls had become circuitous, 
wrapping back into themselves. They were lost for most of the dream before they 
travelled backwards, returning at their quarters; a torn scrap of paper with 
their handwriting was found on their pillow. 

Note reads as follows:

YOU ARE DOING EXCELLENT WORK

PLEASE KEEP IT UP

WE ARE HAVING SO MUCH FUN

WE HARBOUR NO GRUDGE

IT DOES NOT CARE EITHER WAY

THE JOKE CAN NOT DIE

FOR OUR SAKE

Testing of SCP-4190 has been halted. Personnel are informed to continue 
dreaming. 



Footnotes

1. Hypnagogic Hallucinations: Dream-like sensations occurring before falling 
asleep. 


