                                    SCP-3895                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                   Our Unrest                                   
                                   ----------                                   

ATTENTION

This document has been secured under Operation Marduk executive
authority. Due to the ongoing progression of SCP-3895's anomalous
effects, portions of the information contained within are known to be
cognitohazardous to personnel not primed with Infoinoculation
27-APOLLO. This treatment has been proven effective in neutralizing
the memetic threat posed by this document in 97% of cases. Do not
proceed unless you have undergone this procedure.


Item #: SCP-3895 

Anomaly Class: Tiamat1 

Threat Level: ● Black 

Strategic Conduct Protocols: To be determined pending reevaluation of Foundation 
prime directive. 

Description: SCP-3895 is a Category 4 hostile hyperphysical entity which has 
successfully achieved corporeal manifestation within conventional reality. It is 
actively attempting to assimilate all life on Earth. 

Within physical reality, SCP-3895 exists as a morphologically variable gestalt 
of biological organisms, all of which are subservient to and controlled by 
SCP-3895's metaphysical components. Individual organisms incorporate material 
from a wide range of other species from all known taxonomic categories of life 
into their biology, seemingly at random. They are invariably comprised, however, 
of genetically human tissue in varying states of decomposition. It is currently 
debated as to whether individual SCP-3895 specimens can be considered 
“alive” in the traditional sense, as all exhibit some degree of 
necrotization and decay while displaying no apparent need for nutritional intake 
or rest. A multitude of other cellular and metabolic anomalies are also present, 
and are currently under analysis. 

SCP-3895 is capable of assimilating living or deceased biological matter into 
any of its masses, and will generally exhibit extremely rapid physical mutations 
upon doing so, altering its subservient autonomous bodies to best suit a given 
function or to adapt to a perceived threat. Upon the assimilation of a human, 
SCP-3895 will occasionally display behavioral and tactical alterations, 
indicating that SCP-3895 is capable of retrieving and utilizing information 
stored within human neural tissue. As a result of this, tactical engagement with 
SCP-3895 forces have proven to be difficult, as SCP-3895's knowledge of 
Foundation military strategy and training increases with each instance of 
Foundation personnel assimilated. 

Individual SCP-3895 entities appear to possess a tiered hierarchy, the specific 
nature of which is not currently understood. Larger SCP-3895 entities (≈ 6 
meters in height) will lead groups of smaller SCP-3895 entities, and may 
assimilate them to repair inflicted traumas. Larger SCP-3895 bioforms will also 
occasionally fragment into smaller, autonomously distinct instances when 
disabled. 

SCP-3895 instances occasionally produce wordless vocalizations, but a small 
percentage (0.4%) of those observed have displayed the ability to produce 
coherent speech. These exceptional bioforms have shown behavioral 
characteristics and access to knowledge particular to individuals known to be 
assimilated. This, combined with information extrapolated from SCP-3983 and 
several instances of both SCP-3896 and SCP-3897 has led to the conclusion that 
SCP-3895's metaphysical influence extends beyond the thanatotropic threshold2. 

SCP-3895 has, as of the time of this document's creation, resisted all attempts 
at containment, and current Foundation response initiatives insofar as they 
exist are expected to be rendered ineffective within ██ months, resulting in 
a TK-Class Total Human Transmutation scenario. 

State of Engagement: Foundation contingency protocols currently stand at 
Critical in the wake of the events of 10 March 2017. The failure of Foundation 
expeditionary forces to properly locate and contain all SCP-3895-related 
anomalies combined with SCP-3895's extreme rate of proliferation and mutation 
has culminated in a worldwide state of emergency that strains the continued 
feasibility of maintaining Pure Veil operational standards. 

Foundation military assets have been mobilized in their entirety to address 
global SCP-3895 emergence, the only exceptions being those currently engaged in 
preventing other imminent K-class scenarios. As of the time of this document's 
last update, subsidization of Foundation forces via the commandeering of 
international military assets has commenced, however rate of asset loss places 
this policy as a temporary measure at best. 

Timeline of recent events follows. 

Date 

Event 


27 November 2016 

Operation Marduk proposed by Overseer 8 in response to overt worldwide 
escalation, multiplication, and intensification of all known SCP objects known 
to be associated with SCP-3895. Proposal approved unanimously by Overseer 
Council. 


22 January, 2017 

Special Task Force Sigma-01 formed and deployed alongside GoI-089 “The 
Bearers” against global emergence of SCP-3895 forces. 


29 January, 2017 

Rate of STF Sigma-01 personnel loss deemed unacceptable by Operation Marduk 
Central Command. Daily number of Foundation personnel subjected to Procedure 
3895-PERSEPHONE ordered by Overseer 8 to be increased threefold to maintain 
Foundation standing forces. 


08 March 2017 

STF Sigma-01 forces stationed at Guam routed following overwhelming off-coast 
emergence of SCP-3895 entities. Reinforcements deployed and subsequently 
defeated. Island lost to SCP-3895 forces. First instance of significant 
territorial loss to SCP-3895. Emergency global disinformation protocol 
3895-SIRENSONG3 enacted. 


09 March 2017 

Behavioral change observed in SCP-3895 entities inhabiting Exclusion Zone 
3895-01, previously known as Guam. Individual entities4 gather en masse at 
center of island and fuse, forming an amorphous mass of biological material 
approximately 1.87 kilometers wide. Long-range thaumaturgical scanners register 
conceptual energy readings exceeding those of SCP-3894-Alpha. Mass is theorized 
by Operation Marduk Thaumaturgical Division and confirmed by SCP-3894-Alpha to 
be a metabiological protoform preceding SCP-3895 primary manifestation and 
subsequent breach into conventional reality. Mass tentatively designated 
SCP-3895-Prime. 


10 March 2017 

All STF Sigma-01 forces5 deployed to Exclusion Zone 3895-01 with orders to 
destroy or disrupt SCP-3895-Prime. SCP-3895-Prime generates and releases 
subordinate entities from its central mass, which engage STF Sigma-01. 


13 March 2017 

STF Sigma-01 lost. SCP-3895-Prime mass has increased to an approximate width of 
2.39 kilometers. Thaumaturgic scans indicate conceptual and metaphysical energy 
readings have increased exponentially as SCP-3895-Prime continues to gestate, 
indicating an impending localized reality failure or restructuring within 
Exclusion Zone 3895-01. 


Disinformation protocols including 3895-SIRENSONG have begun to fail. With the 
loss of STF Sigma-01, global SCP-3895 emergence has been left unchecked, 
necessitating the mobilization of the entirety of the Foundation's military 
assets. Operation Sorrow's End has been submitted to the Overseer Council and 
the Ethics Committee for approval as of 14 March 2017. If approved, this 
initiative will reconfigure the Foundation's standing prime directive, and 
subsequently result in a Lifted Veil scenario in an attempt to prevent 
humanity's extinction as a result of SCP-3895-Ω's emergence into physical 
reality. 

Currently, investigative and tactical efforts are underway to amplify and 
support the Foundation's offensive posture against SCP-3895 using any means 
possible, up to and including the usage of other SCP objects and increased 
anomalous conversion of Foundation personnel following the loss of STF Sigma-01. 
All Foundation mobilization strategy and maneuvers now include the destruction 
of SCP-3895-Prime as an overriding priority, with prototypic thaumonuclear 
stratocharge munitions being pulled from preliminary testing to be used against 
SCP-3895-Prime in the event that conventional bombardment proves ineffective. 
SCP-3895-Ω's gestation and its subsequent emergence into physical reality 
presents an immediate and irrevocable threat to humanity. The Foundation will 
not allow this entity to be born. 


We will not reenter the womb. 


i can love you through your own corpses 

it is time to come home 

mother knows best 



Footnotes 

1. Tiamat-class anomalies are entities whose influence cannot be covertly 
contained utilizing the resources and knowledge currently available to the 
Foundation, and as such are projected to fundamentally alter or wholly annul 
consensus normality barring direct Foundation tactical engagement. 

2. See The Human Soul in Peril: Safeguarding Humanity from the Anomalous by Dr. 
Kumail Khan 

3. A worldwide anti-intelligence initiative, which utilizes Foundation global 
media intake program PANOPTICON in combination with targeted dispersal of 
mass-amnestics and artificial intelligence-directed media manipulation to 
conceal the effects of SCP-3895. 

4. Numbering approximately 150,000 bioforms following assimilation of Foundation 
forces and civilian populace 

5. Numbering 3,409 individual anomalously-augmented combatants 


