                                    SCP-5606                                    
                                    ========                                    

                    Love in the Time of Flesh-Born Depravity                    
                    ----------------------------------------                    

Item #: SCP-5606 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures 

SCP-5606 is held within Biological Storage Locker-17 at Site-51. After receiving 
a monthly medical evaluation, SCP-5606's infusion pump is to be calibrated. 

All information regarding Gregori Talmov, Katrina Pernova, or Sicilia Pernova is 
to be given to the Site-51 POI Recovery Department. 

Description 

SCP-5606 is a circular biological entity composed entirely of human tissue, 
measuring 32.5 cm in diameter and 12 cm in depth. Though incapable of 
movement, SCP-5606 vocalizes the word "tick" every 30 seconds. Initial analyses 
revealed substantial thaumaturgical residue, indicating a carnomantic ritual was 
responsible for SCP-5606's creation. Further information on SCP-5606 is 
available below: 


-  SCP-5606 Medical Analysis

Date: 2020/01/28 

Subject: SCP-5606 

Operator: Dr. William Strauss 

Sex: Unavailable 

Body Weight: 18.6 kg 

Height: 32.5 cm 

BMI: 2.1 

Blood Type: All 

External Examination 

The anterior section of the organism is composed of skin similar to that found 
on human scrotums. In the center sits an orifice resembling a mouth; although 
lacking teeth, the orifice does have a tongue. 12 evenly spaced thoracic 
vertebrae protrude through the edge of the anterior. The skin has been stretched 
tight, allowing the bones underneath to be visible. Located on each side of the 
orifice is a small prehensile hand, measuring 5.1 and 3.4 cm respectively. On 
the posterior of SCP-5606 there is a large sack containing the lungs, heart, and 
brain of the organism. 

Internal Examination: 

X-Ray and MRI analysis of SCP-5606 revealed all of its bones to be human collar 
and pelvic bones. The size of these bones indicates they all were originally 
from prepubescent children of various ages and sexes. SCP-5606 has three 
functional hearts crudely fused together. It also possesses a pair of lungs, the 
left of which is vestigial. A total of 17 human amygdalae are also present, 
along with two hypothalami. SCP-5606 has no nervous system and is devoid of all 
sensory organs. 

Toxicity 

SCP-5606 toxicology screening shows high concentrations of embryonic stem cells, 
estrogen, and progesterone. DNA analysis produced varied and unidentifiable 
results. 

Prognosis 

Due to lacking the organs required to digest food or water, subject must receive 
nutrition and hydration intravenously. Even so, the long term sustainability of 
SCP-5606 is unlikely. 

Medical Department 

Discovery 

SCP-5606 was discovered when Timothy Perry contacted the Lakewood Police 
Department regarding a suspicious package. Subsequent police reports of a 
strange organism being recovered alerted the Foundation, and an item recovery 
team was dispatched. After successfully recovering the anomaly, the following 
document was found attached to the inside of the box: 


- Attached Document

To Gregori, 

It's about time you made me a grandmother. This marriage was arranged for a 
reason. After all, a woman's biological clock only ticks for so long. 

Much Love, Sicilia 

The house next to Mr. Perry's is owned by Gregori Patlov, which was later 
discovered to be an alias of Gregori Talmov, a known affiliate of GoI-0432 ("The 
Hunter's Black Lodge"). Mr. Talmov recently married Katrina Pernova, daughter of 
high ranking GOI-0432 member Sicilia Pernova. The location of the suspects is 
currently unknown. 


