                                    SCP-3959                                    
                                    ========                                    

                            The End of All Knowledge                            
                            ------------------------                            

Item #: SCP-3959 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: Members of Mobile Task Force Kappa-10 ("Skynet") 
are assigned the task of tracking SCP-3959. All personnel assigned to the study 
of SCP-3959 must score above a 40 on the Anomalous Cognition Resistance Scale 
(See Addendum 3959-1-1A). 

Due to the nature of the anomaly, containment is nearly impossible, albeit 
unnecessary, as SCP-3959 tends to locate itself within close vicinity of 
Foundation servers, specifically those of Site-01, the facility responsible for 
the backup of all archived data. Despite this, effective means of containing 
SCP-3959 should be implemented as soon as possible 

At no time should material affected by SCP-3959 make contact with any sensitive 
data or media that might help facilitate an external breach of Foundation 
property. 

All backup data at Site-01 must be checked for inconsistencies daily by a group 
of assigned individuals with level 5 clearance. 

Description: SCP-3959 is the designation for an autonomous cognitohazard that 
can exist within any form of communication medium. It has been shown to occupy a 
wide variety of objects, such as a website, a desktop placard and a radio 
broadcast (See Experiment Log 3959-1-1A for more information). 

SCP-3959 is presumed to have infovorous tendencies, and therefore gravitates 
towards large amounts of data, particularly non-fiction works. SCP-3959 is 
capable of transferring itself onto any media directly facing or in contact with 
the current host1. When SCP-3959 finds a suitable host medium, it will transfer 
itself, regardless of distance. 

Any media that is currently in contact with SCP-3959 will start to automatically 
redact its own information over a period of time that is directly proportional 
to its own complexity. Most information is obscured by standard full-block 
Unicode, although other methods have been recorded. This is considered SCP-3959 
"feeding". If left undeterred, SCP-3959 will not stop this process until all 
information present is obscured and irretrievable. 

SCP-3959 shows remarkable intelligence and has been able to access digital 
software with relative ease, bypassing many security restrictions and 
potentially compromising sections of Site-01's databases. 

It is assumed that SCP-3959 is able to freely access and travel through the 
internet if it is available. Therefore, Site-01's servers must be located on an 
off-grid private server network. Encryption and tight restriction of information 
going in and out of Site-01 has successfully deterred SCP-3959 from breaching 
Foundation servers any further. 

Addendum 3959-1-1A: After multiple reports of confusion and "fogginess" from 
personnel working with SCP-3959, it has been deduced that viewing or interacting 
with the anomaly poses a mild cognitohazardous threat to sentient life. Those 
with high cognitive resistance seem to be immune to this effect. 

The vector by which SCP-3959 affects the brain and information in general is 
still being researched. 


+ Access C:Users/Administrator/IV/3959/files/3959XX_EXP.log 

cd .. 

Experiment Log 3959-1-1A 

Experiment Log Format: 

Provided Materials: 

Results: 

Notes: 


Name: Dr. █████ Mikhail, Sr. Researcher Aberdeen Campbell 

Date of Testing: ██/ ██/1999 

Note: This will be the first test of SCP-3959's abilities. Due to its resistance 
to containment and potential harm to Foundation archives, these experiments were 
carried out in a room with a single LAN-only computer. 3959 was "lured" onto a 
flash drive containing miscellaneous textbooks and transported onsite. 

Provided Materials: One (1) Music album, inserted into CD drive of computer 

Results: SCP-3959 preferred the textbook content over the album. After the 
textbooks were completely redacted, █ hours later, SCP-3959 successfully 
latched on to the CD. Data on the disk slowly corrupted over time. ██ 
minutes later, the CD was completely unplayable and was removed from the 
computer. Upon removal, CD label was found to be redacted, as well as the cover 
of the CD case, which was not intended. 

Note: SCP-3959's transfer and corruption is very adaptive. It shows preference 
to denser, more literal forms of information, but will not ignore other data if 
it is available. - Dr. Mikhail 

Provided Materials: One (1) Painting, shown to SCP-3959 

Results: SCP-3959 immediately jumped to the painting and consumed it with a 
black pigmentation within five minutes. 3959 transferred back onto the computer 
shortly afterwards. Sample of canvas was taken to lab to be analyzed. 

Note: It is unknown whether SCP-3959 requires information as sustenance, or is 
simply acting out of compulsion. Lab analysis revealed the black "dye" to be 
indistinguishable from the canvas. - Researcher Campbell 

Provided Materials: One (1) FM Radio, set to ███.█, shown to SCP-3959 

Results: SCP-3959 did not react at first, but transferred once the station host 
began to talk. Over a period of fifteen minutes, SCP-3959 consumed the broadcast 
until it degraded to static. Station was unable to be picked up on other radios 
in the testing area. SCP-3959 considered to have left the containment chamber. 
MTF Kappa-10 initialized for reconnaissance of anomaly. 

Note: Probably should have seen that one coming. Testing concluded for today. - 
Dr. Mikhail 

SCP-3959 was detected twelve hours later, attempting to gain access to Site-01 
via Researcher ██████'s cell phone. Phone was placed on airplane 
mode and brought to testing area. ██████ was reprimanded for 
bringing an unauthorized device onsite. 

Provided Materials: One (1) DVD film, shown to SCP-3959 via television. 

Results: 3959 did not leave the cell phone until it was unusable, having 
redacted parts of its own registry. Upon latching onto the film, quality of the 
material began to deteriorate. After seven minutes, film was unwatchable. After 
SCP-3959 was transferred to a new device. DVD label found to be completely 
redacted. Clock on DVD player read ██:██ permanently. 

Note: Later analysis showed that some of the labels on internal components 
inside the television have redactions on them as well. What is the limit of this 
thing? - Researcher Campbell 

Provided Materials: One (1) mirror, shown to SCP-3959 

Results: 

██████████████████████████████████████████████████ 


█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████ 


█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████ 

███████████████ 

Note: 

James, 

SCP-3959 doesn't exist yet. Had to double check just to be sure. It is possible 
it got reassigned, but I have been unable to locate any matches as of now. 

I'm going to pull up a staff directory. Hopefully I can find one of the two that 
worked on the research team and have them clarify it for me. 

Just keep an eye on that terminal. 

Site Director A. Phillips 

Audrey, 

Sounds good. Try to find that Researcher Campbell. Looking through email 
archives has brought up little, but I did manage to find these. I'd poke around 
more, but I'm pretty sure I'm breaking enough policy as it is. 

Let me know what you make of it. 

Sr. Researcher J. Harkness 

Attachments 

Aberdeen, 

I don't know what you guys are cooking up over there in 01, 

but these requests are a bit unethical. You know how these 

systems work, you can't just force something to metastasize 

and expect it to work under your conditions. 

I'll be alerting Overwatch about this. 

Hope you know what you're getting yourself into. 

Pyotr 

Pyotr, 

Overwatch is heading Project Callisto. 

I think they know what they are doing. 

Feel free to tell them off though, see where that gets you. 

Abby 

Researcher Campbell, 

Your request to utilize SCP-████ for Project Callisto has been granted. 

You have the full support of the Council 

O5-7 

James, 

This is too weird. I found Campbell and asked her about 3959- nothing. No clue 
what I was talking about. She was telling the truth. I have no records of this 
anomaly. No records of a Project Callisto. 

I think it's time we got Overwatch involved. 

saraswati3959 



Footnotes 

1. "Contact" being defined as anything capable of receiving stimulus from 
SCP-3959 affected works. For example, radio waves can carry SCP-3959 to another 
device capable of receiving them, but it will not spread to, say, a piece of 
literature. 


