                                    SCP-5909                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               The Endless Shrimp                               
                               ------------------                               

Item #: SCP-5909 

Level 2/5909

Containment Class: Pending 

Disruption Class: AMIDA

RESTRICTED

Special Containment Procedures

The Foundation currently has no method of feasibly reaching and/or containing 
SCP-5909. All efforts are to be reallocated to discrediting, confiscating, 
and/or destroying any information or evidence regarding SCP-5909. 

The Astronomical Anomalies Department will continue to monitor SCP-5909.

Description

SCP-5909 is a crustacean measuring an estimated 2.1 light-years in length, 
located 7.5 light-years from the Sol System. Aside from its size, SCP-5909 
possesses features congruent with those found in Alaskan pink shrimp (Pandalus 
eous). SCP-5909 has shown no signs of life or movement, remaining in a fixed 
position since its discovery. 

Discovery

SCP-5909 was originally discovered by astronomer Julian Martin at SALT1 on 
2020/05/20. The Foundation became aware of the discovery when Mr. Martin 
attempted to publish his findings. All evidence was confiscated and Mr. Martin 
was administered Class-A amnestics. 

Update:2020/08/31

At 12:00 AM GMT, Foundation Telescope Anna-9 detected SCP-5909 moving at 120,000 
km per second on a direct course for the Sol System. The Foundation has reached 
out to contacts within the Global Occult Coalition in order to formulate a 
method of neutralizing SCP-5909. 

SCP-5909 Neutralization Proposal Summary

OPERATION SHELLFISH

In the situation that SCP-5909 continues on its current velocity and enters 
Sector 6225-P6782 neutralization has been authorized. Utilizing several 
anomalous items the Foundation will transport the GOC's ZX-6 Relativity Bomb 
directly above SCP-5909. Detonation of the ZX-6 will lead to the immediate 
erasure of Sector 6225-P678, effectively removing SCP-5909 from reality. 

O5 Command – APPROVED

High Command – APPROVED

Preparations are currently underway.

Note:

The threat posed by SCP-5909 is unparalleled. It is nearly 1.1 light years 
larger than the Sol System; it would be catastrophic if it is allowed to reach 
even one light-year's distance from Sol. The gravitational pull alone would 
dismantle our solar system entirely, and at its current velocity, impact would 
instantly disintegrate the remains. If our response to this situation seems 
excessive, it is only because you do not fully grasp the threat posed by 
SCP-5909. 

– Alabaster Cobb, Director of Tactical Response, Astronomical Anomalies 
Department 

Update:2020/08/31

SCP-5909 abruptly ceased movement at 6:00 AM GMT. At 11:46 AM, Foundation 
WebCrawler GG-501 detected a total of 579 posts discussing SCP-5909 on the 
social media platform Twitter. The accounts used for these posts were owned by 
civilians in and around the city of Lockhart, Texas. The posts discussed a 
billboard featuring SCP-5909, along with a link to 
"www.bigshrimp-endlesstaste.com". Accessing this website leads to a live camera 
feed of SCP-5909. The following is a transcript of events taking place between 
12:00 PM to 12:05 PM; the footage has been confirmed via two separate Foundation 
telescopes. 
 
[BEGIN LOG]

12:00 PM: SCP-5909 begins to move counterclockwise, exposing its underside to 
the camera. 

12:01: The subject releases a brown cloud of unknown composition. SCP-5909 is 
coated in the brown substance. 

12:02: Subject continues to rotate. Steam begins to release from SCP-5909.

12:03: SCP-5909 has taken on a brownish-pink hue and has exposed its topmost 
carapace. A dark discoloration is visible on its shell. 

12:04 - 12:05: The camera zooms in on the discoloration revealing writing:

If you'd like to enjoy real Endless Shrimp, come on down to Red Lobster for our 
Spring Steambake Endless Shrimp Special! 

[END LOG]

The billboard was rented by Brant Seymour (POI-5909-A), manager of Lockhart's 
Red Lobster restaurant. Red Lobster Corporate as well as their parent-company 
Darden have refused to answer any questions regarding the billboard, Mr. 
Seymour, or SCP-5909. A disinformation campaign is currently being formulated. 
Efforts to apprehend Mr. Seymour are underway. 



Footnotes

1. The South African Large Telescope

2. Approximately three light-years from the Sol System.


