                                    SCP-4224                                    
                                    ========                                    

                           History Will Be Kind To Me                           
                           --------------------------                           

Item #: SCP-4224 

Threat Level: White/Red ◎ 

Object Class: Thaumiel 

5/4224 CLASSIFIED 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4224 is permanently located within a 
specialized containment cell within Site-97. SCP-4224 is to remain within its 
life support system permanently, and electricity is to be continuously supplied 
to the cell. A backup generator is also installed and automatically activated in 
the event of main power failure. Medical staff must constantly monitor 
SCP-4224's homeostatic status; any deviation from nominal levels must be 
immediately corrected. Secreted Substance RJ-O1 "ROYAL JELLY" is collected in a 
secure vessel exterior to SCP-4224's chamber. This vessel, and by extension all 
SCP-4224 products, are considered Class-V extreme biological hazards. 

255 instances of SCP-4224-1 are to be contained within a panopticon1 located at 
Site-97. The cells are to be equipped with basic living facilities alongside an 
additional gas inlet, waste, and outlet pipes, as well as a wall-mounted 
monitor. Interactions with SCP-4224-1 instances are to be minimized, and guards 
must regularly be checked for DR-O1 "DRONE" infection. 

Upon expiry of SCP-4224, an SCP-4224-1 instance is to be promoted to SCP-4224 
status. Upon expiry of SCP-4224-1 instances, a random selection of D-Class 
without any notable characteristics, history or experience are to be exposed to 
DR-O1 followed immediately by RJ-O1 and contained as an SCP-4224-1 instance. 
SCP-4224-1 instances are to be conditioned to release Substance DR-O1 upon 
visual stimulation, while SCP-4224 is to be conditioned to release Substance 
RJ-O1 upon visual stimulation. 

In accordance with the Ennui Protocol Directive, the majority of Site-97's 
functions are controlled by a remote terminal, accessible only to the O5 
Council. 

Description: SCP-4224 is a Russian female approximately 90 years old, named 
"Natalya Ignatova" prior to Foundation classification. Due to the deteriorating 
health of SCP-4224, it must be attached to a bespoke Foundation-created life 
support system. 

SCP-4224 produces two products at will, designated RJ-O1 and DR-O1. These 
substances are detailed below. 

RJ-O1 "ROYAL JELLY" 

Characteristics: Viscous, translucent liquid at room temperature. Visually 
resembles honey. 

Containment: Contained in a chilled (5 oC) Class-V biological hazard liquid 
tank. 

Effects: Once RJ-O1 enters the digestive system in volumes greater than 500 mg, 
the individual is granted immunity to subsequent DR-O1 exposure. The 
individual's morphology changes to accommodate the generation of RJ-O1 and DR-O1 
substances unique to the individual, allowing them to create these substances at 
will. Infectees are designated SCP-4224-1. 

Application: Due to the unfamiliarity of secreting RJ-O1 and DR-O1 substances, 
individuals must be applied DR-O1 prior to RJ-O1 application. RJ-O1 may be 
administered orally or through injection. 

DR-O1 "DRONE" 

Characteristics: Airborne viral pathogen. Invisible to the naked eye. 

Containment: Contained in a body-temperature (37 oC) Class-V biological hazard 
aerosol tank or storage vat. 

Effects: Infection causes only behavioural symptoms, detailed below. When 
infected, the pathogen causes massive neural remodelling to the host's brain. 
This process takes approximately two weeks to complete and is highly energy 
intensive, requiring a caloric intake of 5000 kcal/day to sustain. After 
infection of DR-O1, the process is irreversible. 

After initial infection, the disease begins the transformation in the prefrontal 
cortex and progresses posteriorly. Meaning that personality is affected first, 
before affecting other areas such as facial recognition, memory, language, 
reading, etc. 

After the process is complete the individual's connectome will mirror that of 
the individual that synthesized the DR-O1 substance, creating a neurologically 
identical copy. Infected individuals act autonomously, but identify as the 
parent except in cases where infiltration is required, such as assuming a 
position of authority. 

Application: For DR-O1 harvested before Ennui activation, an oral-nasal mask is 
attached to a DR-O1 tank and opened for 3 seconds once secured over the patient. 
Aseptic techniques must be followed when working with pre-Ennui DR-O1. DR-O1 
harvested post-Ennui activation may be used freely. 

Note: The following addenda are out-of-date, and saved for purely archival 
reasons. 


Addendum 4224-A: Heather Everwood's Video Logs 

Heather Everwood's Video Log #1 

<Begin Video> 

Camera is stationary and pointed directly at SCP-4224, who is pacing within its 
cell. Researcher Everwood and Selks enter the frame, equipped with oral-nasal 
masks and air tanks and carrying chairs. Selks and Everwood seat themselves 
before SCP-4224's containment cell, facing away from the camera. 

Everwood: Good evening, SCP-4224. 

4224: (to Selks) Another one so soon? Shame, the old assistant started to grow 
on me. 

Selks: (to Everwood) You sure you want to take the lead? 

Everwood: (to Selks) What do you mean? 

Selks: Well, if you're uncomfortable taking the reigns, just let me know. 
Alright? 

Everwood: Sure thing. (to 4224) We would like to ask you some questions, if 
that's fine with you? 

4224: Do I really have a choice? 

Everwood: Of course you have a choice. We could come back tomorrow if now's a 
bad t- 

Researcher Selks places a hand on Everwood's shoulder and shakes his head 
slightly. 

Selks: Sorry, my colleague here's new to how we handle up-close interaction. 
What she means to say is that we can't force you to co-operate, per se, but we 
can reprimand you. 

4224: (pause) Ask away. 

Selks gestures to Everwood to continue 

Everwood: Uh, so, (pause) when did you first come into possession of your 
anomalous traits? 

4224: It was a long time ago. Back when I was in my mid-teens. I discovered a 
beehive in my garden shed. When I was little I loved fuzzy animals, and I 
managed to pester my mother to keep the hive in there. Funny thing is, because I 
had to move my bike out of the shed, it got stolen! All for those little 
bumbling creatures… 

Selks: Is this tangent necessary? 

4224: Well, I remembered that the hive nearly died the previous winter, and I 
doubted it would survive another. I was concerned, so I waited until the 
temperature was low so that the bees would be pacified. When I peered into the 
hive and saw thousands upon thousands of dead bees, piled atop each other. A 
pile of cold, fuzzy bodies. I ran back into the house and cried in front of the 
fire. Those bees were the closest thing to a pet I'd had to that point. 

Researcher Selks leans back in his chair and folds his arms. Everwood leans 
forward slightly. 

4224: My mother sat by my side. I explained to her what had happened. I don't 
think she understood, but she went straight to the beehive. She returned shortly 
with her hands clasped around something. 

Selks: Is this relevant to the question at hand? 

4224: (pause) Maybe if you listen a little longer, you'll find out? 

Researcher Selks scoffs and looks to Everwood, who does not reciprocate. 

4224: So my mother sits beside me and holds up an empty jam jar. Well, not 
exactly empty. "Natalya," she said, "do you know why the bees were like that?" I 
said I didn't. "They died for her." she said, raising up a single bee, 
frostbitten, shivering, but still alive. 

SCP-4224 sighs 

4224: I woke up the next morning and checked on the bee. It was gone, but it 
left behind some honey for us. We ate that honey with some toast, and I'd be 
lying to say it wasn't the sweetest honey we'd ever eaten. Ever since then, I've 
been able to do what I do. 

Researcher Selks runs his hands through his hair and sighs. 

Selks: What a long-winded explanation. 

4224: (laughing) Sorry if I wasted your time. I don't get to talk to people very 
much. 

Researcher Selks prompts Everwood to continue, who simply shrugs in response 

Selks: This interview is over. We'll be back tomorrow, 4224, and I expect a more 
direct response. 

Researcher Everwood turns off the camera. Video feed cuts to a shaky shot of 
Researcher Selks by a coffee machine 

Selks: What are you doing, Everwood? 

Everwood: A post-script. Might as well keep the logs in the same format, you 
know? 

Selks: Whatever, you're the one who's going to have to write up the transcript. 

Everwood: You said you'd do that! 

Selks: No, Everwood. I said I'd do the video recordings, but you were adamant 
you do those as well. I even complimented you on your independence. 

Everwood: I don't reca- 

Selks: (interrupting) Anyway, you did alright in the interview. It's not the way 
I would've done it, but it was a decent job. The major issue, though, is that 
you didn't pressure her on her story. You just let that bullshit slide? 

Everwood: What do you mean? 

Selks: Her story was obviously just made up. A bee can't produce that much 
honey, especially overnight. Queens don't produce honey at all. There's too many 
contradictions with reality. 

Everwood: Couldn't the bees be anomalous? 

Selks: Are you just going to believe her blindly? That's a naïve approach, 
Everwood. A more likely explanation is she's just trying to play with us. 

Everwood: I'm sure we can pick her up on it in future interviews. 

Researcher Selks shakes his head, and places a hand on Everwood's shoulder. 

Selks: On the whole, you did great. Especially for a first attempt. I'm sure 
you're going to be a valuable asset in the future. 

<End Video> 


Heather Everwood's Video Log #5 

<Begin Video> 

Camera is placed in the same position as the first interview. Two empty chairs 
are placed before SCP-4224's containment chamber, and Everwood can be heard 
off-screen. After a brief adjustment of the camera's settings, Everwood alone 
sits before SCP-4224. 

Everwood: Good evening, SCP-4224. I'm here to ask you some questions. 

4224: Sure, go ahead. 

Everwood: On the group organisation of those under the influence of 
"Delta-Romeo: Option-One 'DRONE'": we're aware that your drones act 
autonomously, but we were wondering how the social interaction between multiple 
versions of yourself would play out. 

4224: (brief pause) Where's that other guy? 

Everwood: You mean Selks? He's off work today. 

4224: So you're an intern or something, right? 

Everwood: Well, no. I work under him, but it's not really the same thing. 

4224: Don't worry about it, Miss…? 

Everwood: Everwood. Doctor Everwood. 

4224: Well, Doctor Everwood, I hope you last longer than the last few he's had. 

Everwood: Is that a threat? 

4224: (laughing) No, no. I haven't infected anyone since my twenties. I don't 
really know why they go, but nobody lasts more than a few months under him. 

Everwood: And you think Selks is the reason they leave? 

4224: He's the common thread. Besides, I've seen nice people get stepped all 
over before. 

Both parties remain silent for a few moments. SCP-4224 sighs. 

4224: They accept it, by the way. The drones, that is. They might rebel at 
first, depending on the circumstances, but they accept it eventually. In the 
end, it's just how benevolent your overlords are, isn't it? 

Everwood: Are you trying to say that Selks is more powerful than me? That's why 
he walks all over me? 

4224: Not really. I have power, Miss Everwood, and I could've made everyone 
clones of myself. It wouldn't have taken more than a few months. But I didn't. 
Why do you think I did that? 

Everwood: Because it's unethical? 

4224: Kind of. I'd be the worst tyrant in history. I'd literally be controlling 
thought, in a way. Putting me in charge would only make things worse. 

Everwood: What does this have to do with me? 

4224: You can use what power you have, or you can bury it. I buried it, and look 
where I ended up. Those that use power will always subjugate those that don't. 

Everwood: (pause) Are you saying you think you should've infected everyone? 

4224: Maybe. (pause) I haven't figured that out yet, but I know I wouldn't be in 
where I am today. Ask yourself if you're happy. If you're not, be thankful you 
still have the chance to change it. 

Video feed cuts to a still frame of Everwood in a well-lit room. Everwood does 
not look at the camera, but instead to an object to the bottom-left, off-screen. 

Everwood: This is the post-script I guess. Interview was mostly uneventful, but 
I think we got some insight into SCP-4224's thought process. She seems to have 
taken a liking to me, for some reason. 

Everwood remains silent for a few moments. 

Everwood: She said something about being unhappy because of her actions. I think 
she regrets being submissive all of her life, never making her mark on the 
world, even when she knew she could. 

Everwood sighs. 

Everwood: I might just be projecting on her, though. 

<End Video> 


Heather Everwood's Video Log #27 

<Begin Video> 

Researcher Everwood places the camera before herself. Doctor Selks, SCP-4224 and 
some life support systems are in frame, alongside SCP-4224's vital monitors. 
SCP-4224 is unconscious. 

Everwood: Sedatives have taken effect. Proceeding with the physical checkup. 

Selks: Be careful in there. Drone pathogens may likely be in the air. 

Everwood: Understood. 

Researcher Everwood unlatches SCP-4224's life support system and pries it open. 
She then begins checking SCP-4224's muscles for atrophy. 

Everwood: Since "Video Log number 25" SCP-4224's Parkinson's has progressed to 
the point where her muscles are much stiffer and inflexible than before. While 
the medication has slowed it down, I doubt she'll last much longer. (pause) It's 
really a miracle that she's still able to communicate clearly. 

Researcher Selks looks at Everwood for a moment before returning to the medical 
equipment. 

Selks: It doesn't say anything about Parkinson's on SCP-4224's file. 

Researcher Everwood gives Selks a quizzical look. 

Everwood: It should. I added an addendum detailing its progression over the last 
couple months. The tremors started off small, but grew exponentially as time 
went on. 

Selks: There's no mention of this on the file. (passing a datapad to Everwood) 
Here, take a look for yourself. 

Everwood's eyes widen and her brow furrows. 

Everwood: But… it was right there. I could've sworn it was. 

<End Video> 


Addendum 4224-B: Heather Everwood's Research Request 

Research Request 

By Researcher Heather Everwood, Level 3 

Request: To formally diagnose Parkinson's disease within SCP-4224. 

Reason: From my observations of SCP-4224, it can't be denied that the signs of 
Parkinson's disease are obvious. However, site staff have neglected to formally 
diagnose the disease. The diagnosis is vital information not only to make 
informed decisions on what medication to give to SCP-4224, but also to 
understand the nature of DR-O1 "Drone". 

For example, Parkinson's is a disease which affects the brain. Since DR-O1 
copies the host's neural structure, one would expect to also see Parkinson's 
within the DR-O1 infectees. This is not the case; DR-O1 infectees show no signs 
of Parkinson's disease. 

DENIED - SCP-4224 Lead Researcher, Frank Selks 

I've denied this on principle. I've said time and time again: Don't make 
requests on the official documentation. It's messy, undemocratic, and a pain in 
the ass. If you have any more research requests, file them to my desk. 

OVERRULED - O5-7 

Results: SCP-4224 is Parkinson's disease positive. 

While DR-O1 infectees show no signs of Parkinson's, the areas where the 
Parkinson's disease is located in SCP-4224 are very different between subjects. 
In fact, it appears that DR-O1 only writes over brain matter, and ignores 
damaged sections. The implications of these results are still being discussed. 

Comments: This research will likely provide great insight into the inner 
workings of the Drone pathogen. I'm honestly surprised that Researcher Selks 
didn't proceed with the diagnosis sooner. — O5-7 

Everwood ever-so-slightly beat me to the punch on publication. I was tracking 
the intensity of the tremors over the last few months to be certain of the 
diagnosis, but that unnecessary attention to detail seems to be something that I 
struggle with. — Frank Selks 

Note: The following addenda are up-to-date. 


Addendum 4224-C: NOTICE FROM THE OVERSEER COUNCIL 

NOTICE FROM THE OVERSEER COUNCIL 

Effective immediately, SCP-4224 has been reclassified from Keter to Thaumiel. 
SCP-4224's threat level has been added to and is now dual red-white, rather than 
just red. This update has been due to recent discoveries regarding the nature of 
SCP-4224. 

Staff are reminded that SCP-4224 is not neutralized and should not be considered 
as such. SCP-4224 should still be considered a Keter-Class SCP and is still to 
be respected. SCP-4224 is still capable of causing an IK-Class 
"end-of-individuality" scenario if it breaches containment. 

In addition, all staff are to be informed of the newly developed Ennui Protocol. 
The nature of this protocol is top secret, but the attached procedures are to be 
carried out once activated. 

- O5-7 

Ennui Protocol Directive 

Upon activation of the Ennui Protocol, all contained SCP-4224-1 instances are 
relaxed with a sedative gas and Class-F amnestics. This induces a vegetative 
state where the SCP-4224-1 entities are rendered suggestible blank slates, where 
they may be influenced according to O5 Command using the monitors within each 
cell. 

Once completed, the waste gas is siphoned from the room via the waste gas pipe 
and neurodegenerative cognitohazards displayed on the monitors, causing 
complete, irreversible loss of all brain function, with the exception of the 
semantic memory in all SCP-4224-1 individuals. Substance DR-O1 is then harvested 
and stored within an industrial-size aerosol storage tank. After 40 days of 
harvest, the aerosol is released into the atmosphere via funnels camouflaged as 
smokestacks. 


Addendum 4224-D: Heather Everwood's Complaint 

COMPLAINT REGARDING RESEARCHER FRANK SELKS 

Reviewer: O5-10 

<Begin Recording> 

O5-10: Greetings, Doctor Everwood. I hope your journey was pleasant. 

Everwood: As pleasant as it could be. Yourself? 

O5-10: Let's cut the pleasantries, if you don't mind. We're both busy people, 
I'm sure. Let's get to business. 

Everwood: Alright. 

O5-10: For the record, please state the nature of your complaint. 

Everwood: I believe Frank Selks, SCP-4224's Lead Researcher, has been taking 
credit for others' work, then proceeding to get their positions terminated 
before they have a chance to voice their side of things. 

O5-10: That's quite a serious infraction, Doctor Everwoods. Do you have proof? 

Everwood: It's come to my attention that Frank Selks, specifically, goes very 
quickly through Level-3 researchers, coinciding with major discoveries regarding 
SCP-4224. Researcher Taylor was relieved after Selks discovered that Drone only 
affects the neural web of the affected individual. Gomez was terminated after 
Selks proposed that RJ-O1 may give immunity to DR-O1's effects. 

O5-10: This is odd, yes, but there's no clear cause and effect relat- 

Everwood: (interrupting) And since I submitted the Ennui Protocol to Selks, I've 
seen my video log transcripts being uploaded to the main file. I'm certain he's 
trying to set me up. 

O5-10: (pause) It has been reported that these logs are… unprofessional. 

Everwood: Yes! Of course it's been reported. Selks reported them, didn't he? 

O5-10: I'm not at liberty to say. 

Everwood: Well, he's cherry-picked them. There are over 30 video logs, but only 
3 have been uploaded, trying to highlight my worst behaviour and make it seem 
like I have it out for him. 

O5-10: (pause) It has also come to my attention that your relationship with 
SCP-4224 is no longer completely professional, is that correct? You've been 
reported violating standard protocol when dealing with sentient SCP objects. Do 
you reject these claims? 

Everwood: (pause) I don't see how this is relevant to my complaint. 

O5-10: I'm saying, as you've become friendly with SCP-4224, you have a vested 
interest in seeing Researcher Selks demoted, yes? 

Researcher Everwood remains silent. 

O5-10: While more information is required, the Internal Affairs department will 
look over your case. If found guilty, researcher Selks will be terminated from 
his position, his research will be disqualified and retroactively fitted to 
reflect the true individuals responsible for the discoveries made. 

Everwood: Thank you. 

O5-10: However, your actions regarding SCP-4224 cannot be ignored. Neither can 
the fact that your presence has made an overall positive impact in SCP-4224's 
mental state. Normally, the ruling would range from demotion to termination of 
contract. I'm of the opinion that breaking the relationship you've forged with 
SCP-4224 would be a shame. 

O5-10 sighs. 

O5-10: Henceforth, your clearance has been demoted to 0-GENERAL with special 
4/4224 clearance. You are no longer permitted to work with SCP objects, staff or 
Foundation Sites not relevant to SCP-4224. You may appeal after one year. Is 
that understood? 

Everwood: Yes. Thank you. 

<End Recording> 


Addendum 4224-E: Heather Everwood's Overseer Review 

Heather Everwood's Overseer Review 

Two weeks after being reprimanded due to unusual behaviour regarding an SCP 
object, Heather Everwood has repeatedly breached protocol resulting in 
violations of safety protocol, gross misconduct and negligence. The 
circumstances of SCP-4224's death is unknown as Heather Everwood fails to 
comment on the matter. 

Heather Everwood was discovered the morning following SCP-4224's death inside 
their containment chamber, sat beside SCP-4224's life-support system. Dinner 
plates, breadcrumbs and playing cards were found on the chamber's floor. 

A new SCP-4224 has been promoted. 

The caveat for Everwood's employment at the Foundation was dependent on the 
relationship between herself and SCP-4224. While it must be a heartbreaking time 
for Everwood, her employment contract must be terminated. 

I'll see her off in person. She deserves that, at least. 

— O5-10 



Footnotes 

1. Due to infection hazards, a regular prison risks too many personnel. A 
panoptical setup risks a minimal amount of guards without compromising security. 



O5 Clearance Confirmed… 

Launch Remote Terminal? 

yes 

no 


Ennui Direct Access Terminal
 
------
This terminal is restricted to personnel with Overseer-Level clearance.
Please input credentials
------
 
IDENTIFICATION #:
> O5-10
 
Password:
> ****************
 
ADDITIONAL VERIFICATION STEP: Does the Black Moon Howl?

> It has howled before, but it is remembered by none.
 
------
Welcome, Overseer.
------
 
Access Files:
 
Ennui-Protocol.txt
 

------

Everwood's Proposal: The Ennui Protocol

------

Ladies and Gentlemen of the Overseer Council,

I come to you with a proposal that will not only solve the current
crisis in North Korea but will additionally be a valuable asset for
endeavours in the future.

With the recent discovery of DR-O1's nature, specifically the fact
that the pathogen only "writes over" undamaged portions of the brain,
a specific procedure may be enacted to utilize this to the
Foundation's benefit.

I propose that the Overseer Council develop a new, fabricated, history
of events within a document. This document will then be forwarded to
the Memetics, Archives and Secrecy Departments, who will then develop
cognitohazards and literature to accommodate the changes. From here,
SCP-4224 becomes relevant.

SCP-4224-1 instances are forced into believing the alternative history
is true via amnestics and soporifics. Next, SCP-4224-1 instances are
neurodegenerated to remove all non-historical memory. DR-O1 is then
harvested from SCP-4224-1 instances and dispersed around the globe.

This results in the Foundation being granted control of humanity's
memories. This will no doubt aid in the Foundation's goals.

- Level 3 Researcher, Heather Everwood.

 
------
Overseer Discussion
------
 

Researcher Selks'1 Ennui Protocol has been sat on PENDING for a while
now. Given the risks of amnesticising the entire globe, including
ourselves, we have neglected to determine its viability as an asset.
That said, the situation at hand requires extreme measures to
overcome. The Ennui Protocol would provide a large-scale, clean and
effective pseudo-amnestic effect, with the additional capability to
implant false memories, not only removing them entirely. If it doesn't
work, we attempted to maintain normalcy as best we could.

I am calling the poll now. - O5-2
 
POLL TO ENACT ENNUI PROTOCOL DIRECTIVE:

| YEA: 6 | NAY: 6 | ABSTAIN: 1 |

RESULT: Motion failed to pass.
 
With the caveat that the Ennui Protocol is dismantled immediately
after use, I will vote YEA. This is not a tool we should use but for
the task at hand, I believe we have no choice. - O5-9

------
 
POLL TO ENACT ENNUI PROTOCOL DIRECTIVE FOR A SINGLE USE:

| YEA: 7 | NAY: 6 | ABSTAIN: 0 |

RESULT: Motion passes.

 
The efficacy of the Ennui Protocol cannot be disputed. Those who
doubted its ability previously should be entitled for a revote. - O5-2
 
-----
 
 
POLL FOR ENNUI PROTOCOL TO BE DISASSEMBLED:

| YEA: 5 | NAY: 5 | ABSTAIN: 3 |

RESULT: Motion fails to pass.
 
This kind of poll manipulation jeopardises the entire purpose of the
council. - O5-9
 
 
Access Files:
 
History.asc


NOTICE:

The following addendum contains information which must remain TOP
SECRET. By accessing this information you acknowledge that none of the
content included may be discussed outside of this document, including
other members of the O5 Council.
 
 
CURRENT MODE: READ-WRITE

 
Event

Description


SCP-8900

[SCP-8900 infection has always occurred]

[The SCP Foundation failed to contain SCP-8900]

SCP-8900 was the first time the Foundation failed to adequately
secure, contain and protect a major, life-changing anomaly. Normalcy
was, for the first time, thought to be irreperably broken.

The Ennui Protocol was activated for the first time, resulting in
overwhelming success, with more than 99.91% of the population being
affected as intended. This success solidified the Ennui Protocol as a
powerful tool to preserve the masquerade.
 

Event

Description

Wardenclyffe Tower

[Demolished in 1917, and was never operational]

[Fully operational until 1945]


Destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

[Caused by atomic blasts]

[Caused by arc flashes]

Nicola Tesla's Wardenclyffe Tower provided free, wireless power
transmission across the entire world. It was a cornerstone of the
American economy for many years.

The wireless power transmission of the tower was weaponized during
World War II, when the energy of the tower was transmitted and
concentrated above the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, in
retaliation to the surprise military strike at Pearl Harbor. The
resulting arc flash (and blast) caused widespread destruction.

The resulting weapon was a global, instantaneous, and impossible to
detect weapon of mass destruction. The Overseer Council deemed the
Wardenclyffe Tower to be a breach of consensus reality and it was
dismantled. Due to the growing distress of the American people that
the lack of the Tower caused massive GDP decline, the Ennui Protocol
was activated to prevent the creation of additional towers.
 

Event

Description

Bielefeld

[The Bielefeld Conspiracy is an inside joke]

[The city of Bielefeld possesses mild cognitohazardous effects]

The city of Bielefeld (Germany) possesses a mild cognitohazardous
effect where individuals acknowledging the town's existence may
temporarily experience accessibility failure in memory, resulting in
the individual believing the town doesn't exist.

By reducing the effects to merely an inside joke, when the
cognitohazardous effects cease the brain will automatically jump to
the conclusion retroactively that they were just joking, and not that
they forgot that Bielefeld existed.

The Ennui Protocol was utilized due to frequent errors in containment
due to the anomalous effect.
 

Event

Description


Augmented Reality Headpieces

[Augmented Reality failed to become a popular consumer product]

[Augmented Reality became a worldwide sensation]

Portable Augmented Reality Headpieces became a major concern to the
SCP Foundation since their inception. Constant recording of one's
surroundings will result in eventual digital spread of anomalous
items, even more so than present. Augmented Reality Headpieces will
also result in the obsolescence of amnestics, as all of the
individual's activities will be recorded by the headpiece.

While there are workarounds to the problem, mainly security backdoors
and specific viruses that target recordings in these pieces of
technology, the risk to the Foundation was deemed too great.

RECENT NOTE: The "failure" of the Google Glass seems to have not
dissuaded competitors. The Augmented Reality Headpiece discussion may
need to be opened once again.
 
 
> Edit
 
 
New Item(s):

Event

Description


The Overseer Council

[NULL ERROR: STRING CANNOT BE EMPTY]

[13 Members]

The Administrator

[Heather Everwoods]

[nX*&^n█Ln!6I2]


Ennui Protocol

[Accessible only to the Administrator]

[Accessible to the Overseer Council]

> Save

Changes saved.
 
> run Ennui.exe —force —40

NOTICE: By forcing activation you confirm that the Archive and Secrecy
Departments have been notified and their jobs completed. If not,
historical inconsistencies may occur. Do you wish to proceed?
 
> yes

Ennui Protocol has been activated. Refined DR-O1 will be released in
40 days.
 
 
NOTICE: Memetic Resonance Imaging has been completed. Your connectome
does not match O5-10's. MTF-Nu-15 "Cathode Ray" has been dispatched.
This terminal will lock in 10 seconds.
 
 
 
 