                                    SCP-781                                     
                                    =======                                     

                             Unwitting Dreamshaper                              
                             ---------------------                              

Item #: SCP-781

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-781 is to be contained within a reinforced 
cell with a buffer zone at least 25mx25m surrounding it. Subject's cell should 
include a bed, bathroom, and limited forms of entertainment as approved. As soon 
as subject initiates sleep, usually at around 20:00, all personnel present in 
the main containment chamber should evacuate. All personnel are prohibited from 
interfering with any situation within SCP-781's chamber between 20:00 and 07:00, 
despite any pleas for aid or attention from SCP-781. [See Addendum 781-05] 

SCP-781 is to be interviewed each morning at 07:00 by Dr. Glass. Any personnel 
seeing SCP-781 in their dreams are to report to Dr. Glass for documentation. 

SCP-781's remains should be collected and placed upon the middle of his 
containment chamber after any incident resulting in its death. 

Description: SCP-781 appears to be a human male of Mediterranean descent, 
approximately [REDACTED] years old as of █/█/10. However, when he was first 
recovered in █/█/97, he appeared to be approximately [REDACTED] years old. 
Autopsies performed on the subject have determined SCP-781 to be physiologically 
identical to average humans. The reasons for any anomalies surrounding SCP-781, 
including decreased rate of aging, are unknown. 

It is thought that while asleep, SCP-781 involuntarily manifests his own 
dream-content into a physical form. The majority of these "manifestations" are 
hostile and highly-dangerous, and on average SCP-781 is killed three times per 
week. Testing using D-Class personnel shows that these manifestations 
specifically target SCP-781 over other potential victims, but are capable of 
harming others should they attempt to interfere. 

It seems that though it is required that SCP-781 be asleep to create 
manifestations, it is not required that he continue sleeping for their continued 
existence. Thankfully, these manifestations are not wholly independent of their 
creator, and always remain relatively close to SCP-781, up to a range of about 
9m. Manifestations that are even partly forced out of this range immediately 
disappear entirely. Manifestations seem to linger upwards of five (5) minutes 
even after SCP-781's physical death. 

Lastly and importantly, it is to be noted that SCP-781 seems capable of 
auto-resurrection. Though the subject does not exhibit resistance to injury or 
death beyond the limits of a normal human, twelve (12) hours after SCP-781's 
physical "death" any remains of its corpse disappear. Another twelve (12) hours 
later, a fully healthy SCP-781 appears within 10m of the place of its previous 
death. 

Further Notes: While SCP-781 seems to display no control over his own dream 
manifestations, testing has shown that he is capable of perceiving and 
manipulating the dreams of sleeping subjects in his vicinity. This ability was 
helpful in determining the source of SCP-781's manifestations. 


Document 781-01: Most of SCP-781's night-time manifestations are hostile to 
SCP-781, and are quick to cause him harm. The majority of manifestations never 
repeat themselves, but there have been cases where reoccurring manifestations 
have occurred. The following is a list of some of the manifestations seen more 
than once. 

Sewage bursting from the floor, accompanied by a seemingly unending swarm of 
rats which quickly overwhelm SCP-781 and proceed to devour him alive, leaving 
only bones and bits of flesh. Has been observed twice. 

A large woman holding a hose which seems to extend from the ground, which she 
forcibly inserts into SCP-781's throat. The hose seems to expel a thick white 
liquid, which the woman uses to drown SCP-781. Has appeared twice. 

A large humanoid figure about 4.57m (15ft) tall, made up of a transparent and 
highly acidic substance. Has appeared twice, both times after interviews with 
personnel other than Dr. Glass. Tends to grapple SCP-781 in its arms until death 
due to major acid burns or suffocation. 

A large floating mass with several tendrils bearing sharp needle-like spines, 
which forcibly drew SCP-781 into it. SCP-781 died two hours later from blood 
loss. Appeared three times in the space of a month, but has not been seen since. 
An old woman with rotting flesh, which attacks SCP-781 with her teeth and nails. 
Typically SCP-781 is able to fight back, but almost always sustains heavy wounds 
which require it to be euthanized by personnel. Has appeared three times. 

A man wearing a surgical mask, who straps SCP-781 to its bed and proceeds to 
slice its abdomen open with a scalpel, removing several organs. Has appeared 
three times, each time after an autopsy was performed on SCP-781. 

A statue resembling [DATA EXPUNGED]. Is not observed physically harming SCP-781, 
but seems to cause the subject great distress, and often SCP-781 has passed out 
from hyperventilation at the sight of this manifesation. This particular 
manifestation has appeared four times now, starting on the day SCP-781 was 
exposed to [DATA EXPUNGED]. 


Addendum 781-01: See Evaluation Log 781 for extended psychological evaluation 
and testing. 


Addendum 781-02: When introduced to SCP-452's presence, both SCP-781 and SCP-452 
showed signs of agitation and distress. When questioned, SCP-781 merely stated 
that spiders made him uneasy. When SCP-452's web was introduced to SCP-781 for 
the purpose of stopping SCP-781's dreams, testing had no unusual results until 
[DATA EXPUNGED] resulting in twelve (12) personnel casualties. Further testing 
between SCP-781 and SCP-452 are discontinued, and SCP-781 should be kept from 
making physical contact with SCP-452's webs at all cost. 


Addendum 781-03: Testing SCP-███ with SCP-781 as its subject had highly 
unusual results; after several tries, SCP-781 was able to completely control the 
smoke's composition, though it took him time and considerable concentration. 
Further testing of SCP-███ is prohibited, as giving SCP-781 the ability to 
create anything he wants is, for obvious reasons, greatly discouraged. 


Addendum 781-04: By orders of O5-█, as of █/█/00 personnel are no longer 
to interfere in SCP-781's nightly attacks. It has been determined that the 
personnel casualties and resource expenditure needed to protect SCP-781 can no 
longer be justified, as continued interference has only caused the 
manifestations to become more dangerous and volatile, and SCP-781's immortal 
nature has been fully proven in any case. 


Addendum 781-06: SCP-781 has been highly successful in controlling SCP-122. It 
could be the Foundation's advantage to use the controlled SCP-122 for [DATA 
EXPUNGED] 


Addendum 781-07: See Incident Log 122-1/781x.

Evaluation Log 781

Evaluation Note 781-01: Psychological analysis shows subject to be highly 
forgetful about personal events in general, but even more so on those leading to 
his death. His memory repression was likely developed as a coping mechanism to 
deal with his frequent painful deaths. In an attempt to aid the development of 
his mental health, security personnel on nightly detail are hereby ordered to 
defend SCP-781 from his manifestations if possible. It is my hope that perhaps 
with some treatment and reprieve from the nightly attacks, SCP-781's dreams will 
not be manifest as hostile - Dr. Glass 

Evaluation Note 781-02: SCP-781's mood and mental health finally seem to be 
improving. He has been regularly cheerful as of late, has begun to request 
company, and has become increasingly open with his thoughts. Furthermore, 
SCP-781 expresses gratitude of the Foundation's interference on his behalf. 
However, the nightly attacks continue at the same intensity, and no significant 
progress has been made with the subject's frequent memory lapses - Dr. Glass 

Evaluation Note 781-03: Previous questioning about SCP-781's origin had been 
fruitless, but today the subject confided that he believes himself to be "from 
where dreams come". The subject seems to believe there is a specific reason to 
his existence here, outside the "dreamworld", and that it may be linked to his 
recurring attacks. - Dr. Glass 

Evaluation Note 781-04: Under my command, testing for possible uses of SCP-781 
is ongoing. It appears SCP-781 is not able to be used as a reusable source of 
human organs, as all parts of SCP-781 disappear twelve hours after its death, 
even if they have been preserved or made functional within a different body. 
Further research is necessary. - Dr. ██████ 

Evaluation Note 781-05: On all trials, it seems SCP-781 returns perfectly 
healthy despite mode of death. When exposed to mundane toxins, SCP-781 succumbed 
as normal, but as always, returned perfectly healthy. Proposals to use SCP-781 
as a reusable D-Class personnel are pending, though O5-██ raised concerns of 
exposing an untrusted and potentially immortal subject to sensitive information. 
Having a single genetically identical subject who could later expound on his 
experiences would be a great asset to future research in the case of fatal SCPs. 
- Dr. ██████ 

Evaluation Note 781-06: Subject had to be terminated during the course of an 
interview by Dr. ██████. Dr. ██████ was, during the 
interview, attempting to question SCP-781 about some of the reoccuring 
manifestations observed. At first, subject merely stated that it didn't remember 
anything as usual, but as Dr. ██████ continued to press the subject 
for information, SCP-781 began to show signs of hostility, eventually coming to 
sadistically describe the mental and physical tortures it wished to inflict upon 
the Dr. ██████. After further pressing by Dr. ██████, 
SCP-781 violently stabbed Dr. ██████ in the throat with a pen before 
being quickly terminated by security agents. As this outburst is the first sign 
of anger or hostility SCP-781 has shown, it is perhaps prudent to refrain from 
questioning SCP-781 further about its nightmares. - Dr. Glass 


