                                    SCP-3211                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               There is No Canon                                
                               -----------------                                

INFOHAZARD WARNING

The information contained within the following document is subject to an 
anomalous effect. 

The effect is activated by receipt of any direct information regarding SCP-3211, 
including details of the anomalous effect itself. As a result, in order to be 
effective, this warning message may contain no such details. 

Do not read this document without express permission from a member of Class 4 
personnel assigned to SCP-3211. 

By proceeding to read this document you acknowledge and accept that you are 
about to be exposed to an anomalous effect. 

LEVEL 4/3211 AUTHORISATION REQUIRED


Item #: SCP-3211

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: You have 6 minutes to read this document.

To reduce unnecessary exposure to SCP-3211, a warning message is to be placed at 
the start of this document. Level 4 authorisation must be required to proceed. 
No information regarding SCP-3211 is to be present in any resources not 
exclusively available to researchers assigned to SCP-3211, including the warning 
message. 

Except in the event of an emergency necessitating knowledge of SCP-3211, no more 
than 3 members of the O5 council and 10% of the population of any individual 
Site are to have been exposed to information regarding SCP-3211 other than its 
existence. 

SCP-3211 is to be kept in a standard non-humanoid containment chamber. Access is 
to be limited to tests only. 

Description: SCP-3211 is a female human of possibly Czech descent. SCP-3211 does 
not require nourishment or exercise, and presumably does not require social 
contact. The entity stands in the same spot in the centre of its containment 
chamber at all times, presumably through its own volition. SCP-3211 does not 
blink, breathe, does not have a beating heart, does not change facial 
expression, and does not display any signs of life. Other than these 
discrepancies, the entity is in good health. SCP-3211 responds to most lines of 
questioning with the word 'Nerozumím', which is assumed to be its name, but 
otherwise does not speak. 

SCP-3211 exhibits a slow-acting but potent perception-altering effect. During 
the first 6 minutes of exposure to SCP-3211, subjects are able to observe and 
record SCP-3211 without issue. Once 6 minutes have passed, subjects will 
immediately and permanently be unable to perceive any direct information 
associated with SCP-3211, or observe SCP-3211 itself. 

For the purposes of this document, subjects who have already been exposed to 
SCP-3211 for at least 6 minutes will be described as post-3211 and those who 
have been exposed to it for less than 6 minutes will be described as pre-3211. 

Post-3211 subjects are consistently able to recall, without issue, what SCP-3211 
is i.e. a human woman. However, only pre-3211 subjects are able to perceive 
SCP-3211 itself, or record new information about it. 

Of note is that descriptions of the object may vary between post-3211 subjects. 
All pre-3211 subjects agree that SCP-3211 is a Czech female, however, once these 
subjects pass the 6 minute threshold, they may disagree on what it is. This also 
applies to documentation: personnel viewing this document may report that it 
describes something else after it changes after 6 minutes of exposure. See 
Experiment Logs 3211-B and -D for more details. 

The mechanism through which SCP-3211 propagates this effect is currently 
unknown. 

Amnestics have proven to be effective on post-3211 subjects. They will forget 
SCP-3211 as expected, and upon re-exposure will be able to perceive it for an 
additional 6 minutes. 


Addendum 3211-A: Experiment Logs 3211-B and 3211-D

- Experiment Log 3211-01

EXPERIMENT LOG 3211-01

The purpose of this experiment was to establish a firsthand written description 
of SCP-3211 and then compare this description with another observer. 

D-68134 was given a pencil, clipboard and a single sheet of paper. He was 
instructed to enter the containment cell and produce a written description of 
its contents. 

[-0:10] D-68134 enters the containment chamber with his eyes closed.

[0:00] D-68134 is instructed to open his eyes.

[0:08] D-68134 begins writing a description of SCP-3211.

[6:04] D-68134 expresses surprise that he can no longer perceive SCP-3211. He 
expresses anger at not being able to read what he has written. 

[6:25] D-68134 is instructed to leave the containment chamber.

The description produced by D-68134 was retained as Document 3211-01.


- Experiment Log 3211-02

EXPERIMENT LOG 3211-02

The purpose of this experiment was to compare the written description from 
Experiment 3211-01 with another observer. 

D-8834 is provided with Document 3211-01 and instructed not to read it.

[-0:10] D-8834 enters the containment chamber with her eyes closed.

[0:00] D-8834 is instructed to open her eyes and compare the object in the room 
to the description on Document 3211-01. 

[1:18] D-8834 confirms that the SCP-3211 matches the written description.

[5:45] D-8834 is asked to close her eyes.

[6:15] D-8834 is asked to compare the object to the written description again, 
from memory. 

[6:34] D-8834 confirms that Document 3211-01 still describes SCP-3211.

[6:44] D-8834 is asked to open her eyes. She reports that she is neither able to 
perceive the object nor read Document 3211-01. 


- Document 3211-01

The following is a copy of Document 3211-01, the text produced by D-68134 during 
Experiment 3211-01. 

There's a woman just kind of stood in the middle of the room. She looks weird, 
and she's got this really creepy smile. Like, not overly creepy, just like it's 
fake. And she doesn't move. 


Addendum 3211-B: Empirical data

In order to establish the true nature of SCP-3211, a collection of data has been 
recorded from SCP-3211 and is listed below. This data has been recorded only by 
pre-3211 researchers. Note that it is currently unknown why this data is 
considered important enough to retain on file. 

Data type	

Observation


Full-spectrum spectrophotometry	

Failed — test was deemed impolite


Mass	

SCP-3211 was placed onto a mass balance. 77.56 kg


Hume measurement	

SCP-3211 has a Hume reading consistent with non-reality bending humans 


Magnetism	

SCP-3211 is not magnetic


Visual observation by D-9981	

SCP-3211 resembles a normal human


Physical observation by D-9981	

SCP-3211 briefly glared at D-9981 but returned to its normal pose
without slapping D-9981 back


Response to basic questioning by D-9981	

SCP-3211 identified its name as 'Nerozumím' but did not respond to
other questions


Type-Kappa memetic sentience detector	

Positive response


Incident Log 3211-C: On 2016-03-31, a researcher who was not assigned to 
SCP-3211, Dr. Jason Greaves, took a Class-Y mnestic1 without authorisation and 
entered the containment chamber. Researchers assigned to SCP-3211 at the time 
reported that they were 'more than happy' to allow Dr. Greaves to run private 
tests on the object. 

Dr. Greaves recorded a series of audio logs detailing his thought process during 
his encounter. Their transcriptions are preserved below for posterity. 

Dr. Greaves is available for questions regarding his experience with SCP-3211.

Dr. Jason Greaves, SCP-3211, experiment log... one?

If you're hearing this and if, like me, you're souped-up on some heavy-ass 
mnestics, then you and me both know for sure that SCP-3211 is a Czech woman. Why 
she's trying so hard to hide that from us, we'll never know. But, if you're not 
high as hell on Class Y, then in less than 6 minutes you'll only remember me 
just rambling on about some random thing sat in a containment chamber. 

And of course, when that happens, all these logs will say is that there's 
nothing in the containment chamber at all. 

What I'm trying to do is work out exactly what SCP-3211 is, how it works, and 
why it's trying so hard to hide. What does she want? 

No matter what I tried and who I spoke to, I couldn't get this test authorised. 
But it needs to be done. So I've taken a small dose of Class Y mnestics and I'm 
doing this myself. I only have a couple of hours before the Class Y stops 
helping me remember things and starts making me forget things, so I'd better get 
started. 

I've noticed something of a pattern emerging.

Most people who walk into 3211's cell will perceive it as something totally new. 
Like, I see her as a normal woman, and there's no one else on the list who's 
perceived it as that. 

But, she stands perfectly still and does not move at all, not even her heart. 
She's not just some random woman. She has anomalous properties other than the 
fact that people can't see her for more than 6 minutes, and then their memories 
after that are wrong. 

It seems to me like Foundation personnel — researchers and the like — will 
perceive her as something anomalous. People who are already familiar with the 
anomalous, who are expecting it to be anomalous, will remember her being 
something anomalous. 

But a D-Class, for example, who is not familiar with the anomalous, will 
remember it being something mundane. Like a clay vase. 

It looks like it adapts to match the viewer's expectation. But I still don't 
understand why she's is going to such lengths to protect herself in the first 
place. 

My head feels... foggy. I don't know if it's the SCP or the mnestics starting to 
wear off. 

I think I've narrowed it down to three... stages. That seems to be the right 
word. 

So, the first stage is what SCP-3211 really is. She's a Czech woman. Obviously, 
as soon as my mnestics wear off, I'll forget that. And so will you. I assume 
you've taken mnestics. 

The second stage is whatever memory SCP-3211 injects over itself when you've 
seen her for more than 6 minutes. Last time I saw it, I remembered seeing... my 
son. Who would be six. That was the second stage for me. 

The third stage is that you can't perceive it at all. Its disguise is complete 
and it's hidden from you. 

I think I know why she wants to hide. I just... need to put the words into a 
sentence. 

It's getting hard to think. My thoughts feel like walking through ketchup.

Oh God, my head is killing me.

I'm certain it's the mnestics. Class Z literally kills you when you take it, 
because the effect is permanent. Class Y won't kill you... I hope? I, uh... 
might have majorly fucked up by doing this. 

It's really weird seeing all the things you can't usually remember. There's bugs 
everywhere, covering every surface. They're crawling all over her, too. 

I need to sleep. I just want to sleep.

The floor is so much more comfortable than standing.

It's getting hard to breathe. I don't know if that's my lungs closing up, or if 
it's just the... if it's just me forgetting how. At least I haven't forgotten 
what's important. 

But I know for sure why she wants to disguise so avidly. It's right there, just 
in front of you. I'm surprised no one has seen it yet. 

It's just... it's just that it's not really... really, itself, you know?

I don't know how to take mnestics, dammit. I only make them. I know how 
they're... how they're... 

I need to sleep.

It's just sat there, watching me... just... just her. Come on, make me forget 
already. 

I know your secrets, dammit... why don't... why did you have to show him to me?

Why did you have to take him away again?

I don't think I'm going to survive.

Why hasn't anyone come to get me?

The remainder of the logs are mostly silent, excluding a single undefined 
vocalisation from SCP-3211, up to the point where a member of security staff 
noticed Dr. Greaves on closed-circuit monitoring several minutes later and 
called for help. 



Footnotes

1. ''Mnestics, as opposed to the more common amnestics, generally aid in the 
retention of memories and the prevention of their modification even in the face 
of anomalies that seek to disrupt this...'' – Excerpt from An Introduction to 
Antimemetic Counter-Measures, Marion Wheeler 


