                                    SCP-5508                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                  Pest Control                                  
                                  ------------                                  

Item #: SCP-5508 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures 

The Parazoology Division will regulate and maintain 2 SCP-5508 colonies within 
Site-51's Eco Containment Chamber 3. All maintenance will be performed by 
automated systems and unmanned drones. 

Parazoology task force Delta-44 ("Critter Crushers") is to monitor ant 
populations within the state of Arkansas for any uncontained SCP-5508 
populations and destroy them. If any civilian contact has been made, records of 
the encounter are to be confiscated and amnestics administered to witnesses. 

Personnel without training in mental psionic defense are not to come into 
contact with uncontained SCP-5508 or SCP-5508-1 under any circumstances. In this 
situation, the unaffected individuals are authorized to employ long-range 
incendiary protocols on SCP-5508. Any SCP-5508-1 that survive are to be 
terminated on sight. 

Description 

SCP-5508 is a mutation in southern meat ant (Iridomyrmex purpureus) populations 
in which a colony will be capable of external psionic and physical manipulation. 
The colonies will use this manipulation for hunting organisms that they would 
otherwise be unable. An organism that comes within 3 meters of SCP-5508 will 
experience a drastic change in behavior and are designated as SCP-5508-1 
instances. 

SCP-5508-1 instances will demonstrate a complete lack of self-preservation 
displaying a desire to be eaten by nearby organisms. In humans, this effect will 
cause SCP-5508-1 instances to vocalize their desire to be eaten. Prolonged 
exposure to this effect will lead to SCP-5508-1 instances partaking in 
self-consumption. SCP-5508-1 instances show the ability to survive severe blood 
loss and bodily damage without expiring, typically living for days in terminal 
conditions. 

Whether SCP-5508 is a natural occurrence or the by-product of outside 
manipulation is unknown. The location of known populations is well outside the 
natural habitat of southern meat ants, indicating a high probability of some 
level of human involvement. 

Discovery 

On 2019/07/20, a live video stream was uploaded to the video-sharing platform 
YouTube depicting SCP-5508-1 affected individuals. The video was flagged 
internally and assets within Google contacted the Foundation; they provided the 
recording and GPS data associated with the upload. The individuals depicted in 
the video were confirmed to be Connor and Daniel Philips of Newton, Arkansas. 

- Video Log

[BEGIN LOG] 

[Camera pans to Connor Philips' face.] 

Connor: Guys, you're not gonna' believe this. 

[Camera angle changes showing a large field.] 

Connor: Danny never came in for lunch, so I came lookin' for em. I didn't get 
too close now, but I'm damn sure he was sittin' out here, pokin' his pecker. I 
kid you not. [Laughter.] 

Connor: We're gonna' pay him a lil' visit. 

[Connor begins walking through the field, Daniel Philips comes into view from 
behind. Daniel is sitting on the ground looking between his legs, both arms are 
moving rapidly. As Connor gets closer a large anthill comes into view.] 

Conner: [Whispering:] Is he beatin' it on the ants? 

[Connor is now approximately 5 meters from Daniel and the anthill, he begins 
circling around to the front of Daniel.] 

Connor: Hey Danny! Wha- wait wh- What are you doing, Danny! 

[Daniel's lower body is covered in ants. It has sustained severe damage, almost 
no tissue remaining on his calves and feet. Daniel is in the process of 
consuming his own intestines when Connor interrupts.] 

Daniel: B- Bro, you gotta try this, it's fuckin' delicious. 

[Daniel reaches out with his intestine pulling out more from the tear in his 
abdomen.] 

Connor: Jesus Christ Danny, snap out of it! I- I gotta' go get help. 

Daniel: No! You gotta' have some. I'm tellin' you- [Daniel takes a bite of his 
intestine.] it's great! 

[Daniel tugs on his intestine tearing his abdomen and fully disemboweling 
himself.] 

Daniel: [Gurgles blood before vomiting.] Sit with me, brother. There's plenty 
for us both. 

Connor: Fuck, fuck, fuck! 

[Connor begins running towards Daniel, stopping 2 meters from him. Connor then 
appears to sit next to Daniel before dropping the camera on the ground. The 
image goes black.] 

Daniel and Connor can be heard grunting over the sounds of wet popping, 
gurgling, and chewing. This continues for 3 hours before the video was flagged 
and removed. 

[END LOG] 

Responding agents recovered two SCP-5508 colonies on the Philips residence, 
along with the skeletal remain of Daniel, Connor, and two squirrels near one of 
the SCP-5508 colonies. The concealment team responsible for SCP-5508 enacted 
Cover Story P977 (Accidental Death) in regards to Daniel and Connor Philips. 

Personal records indicated the Philips brothers purchased both SCP-5508 colonies 
as a means of pest control for their 15 acre wheat farm. The invoice relating to 
the purchase of SCP-5508 was labeled "Pest Control, Pests Controlling Pests" and 
signed by a C. Larson. Handprint analysis confirms the signatory to be Craig 
Larson, a person of interest with known connections to para-entomology. 

Mr. Larson's connection lends to the probability of a para-entomological 
organization operating without the Foundation's direct knowledge. The 
investigation is currently ongoing. 


