                                    SCP-3747                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                Death by Vacuum                                 
                                ---------------                                 

= SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED =

This file is under RESTRICTED ACCESS, and requires Level 1 credentials at a 
minimum to proceed. Please input your Personal Identification Number supplied by 
the Foundation, and SCiPNET will determine your level of security clearance. 
Impersonating another member of Foundation personnel via PIN will result in the 
offender being disciplined appropriately, regardless of clearance level. 

[ INPUT PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ]

[ PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER VERIFIED ]

VERIFYING PERSONNEL CLEARANCE...

Multiple relevant levels of security clearance have been identified. Please 
select the desired clearance level to use to view this file: 


Level 1/GENERAL Clearance

Item #: SCP-3747

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3747 is to be kept in a standard low-value 
object containment vault with an accessible power outlet. SCP-3747 is to be 
powered on at all times. The display of SCP-3747 is to be monitored at all 
times, and footage stored on File Server 3747-Alpha. Footage is available to any 
researcher on request. 

Description: SCP-3747 is a Dell Inspiron PP12L Laptop manufactured by Dell 
Technologies in 2004. SCP-3747 runs the Windows XP SP2 operating system, and its 
hard drive's contents include several documents, pictures, and games. Full 
technical specifications can be found in Document 3747-23. 

On the desktop of SCP-3747 is an executable named "connect.exe". Running the 
executable will show a command prompt window with two lines of text. The first 
line will always read "CONNECT v1.0". The second line is a brief status report 
describing SCP-3747-A. These "reports" describe the current state of SCP-3747-A, 
as well as its current location in intergalactic spacetime. A list of known 
reports can be found in Document 3747-34. 

"connect.exe" will not run on any other machine besides SCP-3747. Decompiling of 
"connect.exe" has yet to reveal any method of its connection, nevertheless it is 
able to connect to SCP-3747-A even in the absence of internet. It is unknown how 
SCP-3747 connects to SCP-3747-A, though anomalous means are suggested. 


Addendum 3747-1: History

SCP-3747 was recovered from the house of David Rholdmann, a known associate of 
GoI-102 ("Gamers Against Weed"). It was determined by David Rholdmann's diary 
that he was attempting to connect to the Foundation's database, however, he 
instead connected to SCP-3747-A. The reason for this is unknown. 


Level 2/RESEARCHER Clearance

Item #: SCP-3747

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3747 is to be kept in a standard low-value 
object containment vault with an accessible power outlet. SCP-3747 is to be 
powered on at all times. The display of SCP-3747 is to be monitored at all 
times, and footage stored on File Server 3747-Alpha. Footage before 02/14/2015 
is available to any researcher on request. Any footage from after 02/14/2015 can 
only be viewed with permission from the on-duty HMCL supervisor. 

Description: SCP-3747 is a Dell Inspiron PP12L Laptop manufactured by Dell 
Technologies in 2004. SCP-3747 runs the Windows XP SP2 operating system, and its 
hard drive's contents include several documents, pictures, and games. Full 
technical specifications can be found in Document 3747-23. 

On the desktop of SCP-3747 is an executable named "connect.exe". Running the 
executable will show a command prompt window with two lines of text. The first 
line will always read "CONNECT v1.0". The second line is a brief status report 
describing SCP-3747-A. These "reports" describe the current state of SCP-3747-A, 
as well as its current location in intergalactic spacetime. A list of known 
reports can be found in Document 3747-34. 

"connect.exe" will not run on any other machine besides SCP-3747. Decompiling of 
"connect.exe" has yet to reveal any method of its connection, nevertheless it is 
able to connect to SCP-3747-A, even in the absence of internet. It is unknown 
how SCP-3747 connects to SCP-3747-A, though anomalous means are suggested. 


Addendum 3747-1: History

SCP-3747 was recovered from the house of David Rholdmann, a known associate of 
GoI-102 ("Gamers Against Weed"). It was determined by David Rholdmann's diary 
that he was attempting to connect to the Foundation's database, however, he 
instead connected to SCP-3747-A. The reason for this is unknown. 


Addendum 3747-2: Document 3747-34

Report:

Notes:


Report: IN REST AT ███.███-██████

Notes: The numbers appear to be coordinates, though the system used has yet to 
be deciphered. 


Report: QRTTV SEEN AT ███.███-██████

Notes: The numbers shown are variable.


Report: MOBILIZING TO ███.███-██████, AT 
███.███-██████ 

Notes: The first set of numbers are identical to the ones shown in the previous 
report, though the second set constantly changes. 


Report: DEFUSE COMMENCING

Notes: This report always occurs after the previously shown report.


Report: SUCCESS, RETURNING TO ███.███-██████, AT 
███.███-██████ 

Notes: This report always occurs after the previously shown report. The first 
set of numbers are identical to the ones in the "resting" message, though the 
second set constantly changes. 


Report: [DATA EXPUNGED]

Notes: This report has been shown since 02/14/2015. Though this implies an error 
in the connection of SCP-3747, it is also theorized that [DATA EXPUNGED]. 


Level 3/3747 Clearance

Item #: SCP-3747

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3747 is to be kept in a standard low-value 
object containment vault with an accessible power outlet. SCP-3747 is to be 
powered on at all times. The display of SCP-3747 is to be monitored at all 
times, and footage stored on File Server 3747-Alpha. Footage before 02/14/2015 
is available to any researcher on request. Any footage from after 02/14/2015 can 
only be viewed with permission from the on-duty HMCL supervisor. 

SCP-3747-A is to be monitored using the Atmos-Frank Telescope at Site-20. Any 
movements made by SCP-3747-A not reported by SCP-3747 are to be reported to the 
on-duty HMCL supervisor. Should information regarding SCP-3747-A be released in 
any form of press, false information is to be disseminated that the 
aforementioned release is a hoax. 

Description: SCP-3747 is a Dell Inspiron PP12L Laptop manufactured by Dell 
Technologies in 2004. SCP-3747 runs the Windows XP SP2 operating system, and its 
hard drive's contents include several documents, pictures, and games. Full 
technical specifications can be found in Document 3747-23. 

On the desktop of SCP-3747 is an executable named "connect.exe". Running the 
executable will show a command prompt window with two lines of text. The first 
line will always read "CONNECT v1.0". The second line is a brief status report 
describing SCP-3747-A. These "reports" describe the current state of SCP-3747-A, 
as well as its current location in intergalactic spacetime. A list of known 
reports can be found in Document 3747-34. 

SCP-3747-A is the designation for six objects generally located near the Saturn 
Hexagon. All instances of SCP-3747-A are identical, and are red crescent-shaped 
vehicles that are at least 1.3 kilometers in height. Instances of SCP-3747-A are 
extremely durable, as they regularly inhabit levels of Saturn's atmosphere where 
pressure is at ██ megapascals. Instances of SCP-3747-A are capable of 
faster-than-light travel, and can navigate interstellar space successfully. 
SCP-3747-A is always in a ring formation of at least 20 kilometers in diameter. 
Instances of SCP-3747-A are equipped with various appendages used for an unknown 
function. 

SCP-3747-A follows a cycle with two main phases:

Inactive Phase: SCP-3747-A is at rest. During this phase, it can be found within 
the Saturn Hexagon at a depth of █ kilometers. During this time, SCP-3747-A is 
stationary. 
Active Phase: SCP-3747-A leaves the Saturn Hexagon at a speed of 
█████c. It is unknown how SCP-3747-A attains ultrarelativistic speeds. 
At this point, the tracking of SCP-3747 becomes impossible. However, using 
SCP-███ to observe SCP-3747-A, it has been proven that, during Active 
Phases, [DATA REDACTED] 


Addendum 3747-1: History

SCP-3747 was recovered from the house of David Rholdmann, a known associate of 
GoI-102 ("Gamers Against Weed"). It was determined by David Rholdmann's diary 
that he was attempting to connect to the Foundation's database, however, he 
instead connected to SCP-3747-A. The reason for this is unknown. 

SCP-3747-A was discovered following attempts to trace SCP-3747's signals. 
Inscriptions on SCP-3747-A instances match that of GoI-100 ([DATA REDACTED]) and 
imply that SCP-3747-A was [DATA REDACTED] 


Addendum 3747-2: Document 3747-34

Report:

Notes:


Report: IN REST AT ███.███-██████

Notes: The numbers appear to be coordinates, though the system used has yet to 
be deciphered. This corresponds with SCP-3747-A's inactive phase. 


Report: QRTTV SEEN AT ███.███-██████

Notes: The numbers shown are variable.


Report: MOBILIZING TO ███.███-██████, AT 
███.███-██████ 

Notes: The first set of numbers are identical to the ones shown in the previous 
report, though the second set constantly changes. This corresponds with 
SCP-3747-A's active phases. 


Report: DEFUSE COMMENCING

Notes: This report always occurs after the previously shown report.


Report: SUCCESS, RETURNING TO ███.███-██████, AT 
███.███-██████ 

Notes: This report always occurs after the previously shown report. The first 
set of numbers are identical to the ones in the "resting" message, though the 
second set constantly changes. At the conclusion of this report, SCP-3747-A will 
have returned to the Saturn Hexagon. 


Report: [DATA EXPUNGED]

Notes: This report has been shown since 02/14/2015. Though this implies an error 
in the connection of SCP-3747, it is also theorized that [DATA EXPUNGED]. 


Level 4/PHYSICS Clearance

Item #: SCP-3747

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3747 is to be kept in a standard low-value 
object containment vault with an accessible power outlet. SCP-3747 is to be 
powered on at all times. The display of SCP-3747 is to be monitored at all 
times, and footage stored on File Server 3747-Alpha. Footage before 02/14/2015 
is available to any researcher on request. Any footage from after 02/14/2015 can 
only be viewed with permission from the on-duty HMCL supervisor. 

SCP-3747-A is to be monitored using the Atmos-Frank Telescope at Site-20. Any 
movements made by SCP-3747-A not reported by SCP-3747 are to be reported to the 
on-duty HMCL supervisor. Should information regarding SCP-3747-A be released in 
any form of press, false information is to be disseminated that the 
aforementioned release is a hoax. 

Instances of SCP-3747-B are contained by SCP-3747-A, and require no physical 
containment of their own. No disinformation protocols are necessary, as 
SCP-3747-B instances are outside the physical range of telescopes. Civilians are 
allowed to know of the nature of SCP-3747-B, however, they should not be allowed 
to discover SCP-3747-B instances. 

Description: SCP-3747 is a Dell Inspiron PP12L Laptop manufactured by Dell 
Technologies in 2004. SCP-3747 runs the Windows XP SP2 operating system, and its 
hard drive's contents include several documents, pictures, and games. Full 
technical specifications can be found in Document 3747-23. 

On the desktop of SCP-3747 is an executable named "connect.exe". Running the 
executable will show a command prompt window with two lines of text. The first 
line will always read "CONNECT v1.0". The second line is a brief status report 
describing SCP-3747-A. hese "reports" describe the current state of SCP-3747-A, 
as well as its current location in intergalactic spacetime. A list of known 
reports can be found in Document 3747-34. 

SCP-3747-A is the designation for six objects generally located near the Saturn 
Hexagon. All instances of SCP-3747-A are identical, and are red crescent-shaped 
vehicles that are at least 1.3 kilometers in height. Instances of SCP-3747-A are 
durable, as they regularly inhabit levels of Saturn's atmosphere where pressure 
is at ██ megapascals. Instances of SCP-3747-A are capable of 
faster-than-light travel, and can navigate interstellar space successfully. 
SCP-3747-A is always in a ring formation of at least 20 kilometers in diameter. 
Instances of SCP-3747-A are equipped with various appendages used for the 
neutralization of SCP-3747-B instances. 

SCP-3747-A follows a cycle with three main phases:

Inactive Phase: SCP-3747-A is at rest. During this phase, it can be found within 
the Saturn Hexagon at a depth of █ kilometers. During this time, SCP-3747-A is 
stationary. 

Active Phase: SCP-3747-A leaves the Saturn Hexagon at a speed of 
█████c. It is unknown how SCP-3747-A attains ultrarelativistic speeds. 
At this point, the tracking of SCP-3747 becomes impossible. However, using 
SCP-███ to observe SCP-3747-A, it has been proven that, during Active 
Phases, SCP-3747-A will accelerate towards an instance of SCP-3747-B within 
[DATA EXPUNGED] lightyears of the Solar System. It is unknown how SCP-3747-A can 
detect SCP-3747-B at this distance. 

Neutralization Phase: This phase occurs when SCP-3747-A arrives at an 
appropriate SCP-3747-B instance. SCP-3747-A will form an expanding ring around 
SCP-3747-B, and use their appendages to neutralize the SCP-3747-B instance. It 
is unknown how SCP-3747-A neutralizes SCP-3747-B, though it is currently 
suspected that the Higgs field is agitated to a point where it resumes a 
high-energy state. 

SCP-3747-B is the designation given to a recurring phenomenon that occurs in 
deep space. SCP-3747-B instances manifest in an unknown pattern. SCP-3747-B 
appears to be a black sphere that expands at the speed of light, though this is 
because of the method of how SCP-3747-B alters light. SCP-3747-A was apparently 
created as a way of neutralizing instances of SCP-3747-B. 

SCP-3747-B's main threat is its interactions with matter. The known laws of 
physics do not exist inside of SCP-3747-B instances. The properties inside of 
SCP-3747-B instances are unknown, but have been speculated on (See Addendum 
3747-3). Since SCP-3747-B expands at the speed of light, it is impossible for 
standard matter to escape SCP-3747-B. 

SCP-3747-B and SCP-2821 are theorized to be related anomalies.


Addendum 3747-1: History

SCP-3747 was recovered from the house of David Rholdmann, a known associate of 
GoI-102 ("Gamers Against Weed"). It was determined by David Rholdmann's diary 
that he was attempting to connect to the Foundation's database, however, he 
instead connected to SCP-3747-A. The reason for this is unknown. 

SCP-3747-A was discovered following attempts to trace SCP-3747's signals. 
Inscriptions on SCP-3747-A instances match that of GoI-100 ("Xia Anomalous 
Culture Group") and imply that SCP-3747-A was constructed following their 
discovery of SCP-3747-B. Using information received from SCP-1726 and 
SCP-2481-3, it has been determined that the GoI-100 falsely assumed that 
SCP-3747-B were the manifestations of divine beings, and created SCP-3747-A to 
neutralize them. 


Addendum 3747-2: Document 3747-34

Report:

Notes:


Report: IN REST AT ███.███-██████

Notes: The numbers appear to be coordinates, though the system used has yet to 
be deciphered. This corresponds with SCP-3747-A's inactive phase. 


Report: QRTTV SEEN AT ███.███-██████

Notes: The numbers shown are variable.


Report: MOBILIZING TO ███.███-██████, AT 
███.███-██████ 

Notes: The first set of numbers are identical to the ones shown in the previous 
report, though the second set constantly changes. This corresponds with 
SCP-3747-A's active phases. 


Report: DEFUSE COMMENCING

Notes: This report always occurs after the previously shown report. This 
corresponds with SCP-3747-A's neutralization phase. 


Report: SUCCESS, RETURNING TO ███.███-██████, AT 
███.███-██████ 

Notes: This report always occurs after the previously shown report. The first 
set of numbers are identical to the ones in the "resting" message, though the 
second set constantly changes. At the conclusion of this report, SCP-3747-A will 
have returned to the Saturn Hexagon. 


Report: COMMUNICATIONS INTERRUPTED, POTENTIAL FATAL ERROR

Notes: This report has been shown since 02/14/2015. Though this implies an error 
in the connection of SCP-3747, it is also theorized that [DATA EXPUNGED]. 


Addendum 3747-3: Analysis of SCP-3747-B

In order to understand the anomaly designated SCP-3747-B, you must understand 
the standard model. You have four categories. The first are quarks, which are 
what makes up protons and neutrons. The second are the leptons, which contains 
the electrons we use to make atoms. The third are the bosons, which are the 
driving force that allows atoms to move, stop, and move again. The fourth, and 
arguable the most important, is the Higgs Boson, which has a category all to 
itself. The Higgs Boson, or, more specifically, the Higgs Field, is what gives 
things mass. Mass is important in the realm of physics, as it determines, more 
or less, the results of the reactions that make up our universe. 

All particles naturally progress towards a vacuum state, or when a particle has 
no energy. A particle in this state is referred to as being within a "true 
vacuum". However, the Higgs field does not follow this rule. With our current 
understanding of quantum physics, it is possible that the Higgs Field is 
"metastable", which means that it exists in a resting state, but it has not yet 
reached its ground state. This "resting state" is known as a "false vacuum". 
Picture the false vacuum as a coat hook, the true vacuum as the floor, and a 
Higgs Boson as a coat. The coat hangs on the coat hook, at rest. However, all it 
takes is a small amount of momentum, and the coat tumbles to the floor. 

So, let's say that the Higgs Boson suddenly stops being metastable, and starts 
moving towards a true vacuum. First of all, as the Higgs Boson in this state 
would have a large amount of potential energy, an equal amount of energy would 
be released from this process. This would cause other Higgs Bosons to exit the 
state of metastability, therefore causing a chain reaction in the entire Higgs 
Field. Secondly, the result of all of these Higgs Bosons collapsing into their 
true vacuum state would cause the very definition of "mass" to change, and with 
it, the entirety of the rules of physics. The sheer energy released from this 
reaction would most likely destroy everything that it comes in contact with. The 
remaining particles, however, would act in completely different ways, in ways 
that would most likely be unable to sustain life as we know it. 

There are actually several methods to knock the Higgs Boson from this 
metaphorical coat hanger. The most mundane is through quantum tunneling, 
however, several anomalies could also cause this reaction. So, why haven't we 
seen an expanding death sphere yet? Because of the anomaly we classify as 
SCP-3747-A. We actually don't know how SCP-3747-A stops this reaction, but the 
working theory is that it manually moves the Higgs Field back to the false 
vacuum state through anomalous means. 

In conclusion, I submit my proposal that the anomaly we term SCP-3747-B is the 
result of this chain reaction; the Higgs Field beginning to collapse. 

- Senior Researcher Graham


Level 5/HMCL Clearance

Item #: SCP-3747

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3747 and all related anomalous phenomena 
have ceased activity. The current state of SCP-3747, as well as Incident 
3747-Gamma, is classified to Level 5 personnel. Should SCP-3747-B resume 
activity, research is to be directed into the neutralization of SCP-3747-B 
instances. Disinformation measures are in effect for SCP-3747-A. 

SCP-3747-A is to be monitored using the Atmos-Frank Telescope at Site-20. Any 
movements made by SCP-3747-A not reported by SCP-3747 are to be reported to the 
on-duty HMCL supervisor. Should information regarding SCP-3747-A be released in 
any form of press, false information is to be disseminated that the 
aforementioned release is a hoax. 

If possible, PA-4851 is to be terminated.

Description:

- No new information detected. Segment collapsed.


Addendum 3747-1: Incident 3747-Gamma

Foreword: On 02/14/2015, SCP-3747 unexpectedly shut down. During a manual reboot 
of SCP-3747, an unidentified video chat client opened. The video feed contained 
what appeared to be Senior Researcher Graham, who demanded to speak with Senior 
Researcher Graham. For ease of reading, this universe's Senior Researcher Graham 
will be referred to as Graham 1, while the one speaking from SCP-3747 will be 
referred to as Graham 2. 

[ BEGIN LOG ]

Graham 1: Who are you?

Graham 2: You. Foundation Senior Researcher Harold John Graham, clearance level 
4. Theoretical Physics Department, responsible for anomalies such as SCP-3747, 
SCP-2821, and SCP-094. 

Graham 1: How do I know you're not some body-snatcher or shapeshifter that's 
impersonating me? 

Graham 2: Your wife's name is Anabel Franklin Graham, maiden name Smith. You 
have one child, Harold John Jr. 

Graham 1: Anybody with general access to the database would know that. Hell, 
anyone who knew me well enough outside of the Foundation would know that. 

Graham 2: Fine. When you were twelve years old, you were playing on your Super 
Nintendo Entertainment System with your best friend, Peter Farley. You were 
playing Mario Kart, and you were in the lead. You had bet twenty dollars on 
yourself in the game, and Peter had done the same for himself. You were in the 
lead. Suddenly, Peter spills his soda on the system, causing it to break. You 
manage to fix it, which leads you to a hobby in technology, which culminates in 
a career in theoretical physics. That incident is what led to your career at the 
Foundation, and that's why you're talking to me, and why I'm talking to you. 

No conversation for twelve seconds.

Graham 2: Listen, I don't have all day. I've got something to relay to you.

Graham 1: I still think you might be some kind of mind reader, but shoot.

Graham 2: If this thing is working properly, this is streaming through SCP-3747. 
I want you to destroy it. Just smash it with whatever you have available. 

Graham 1: What? Why? I could get into trouble for that. And I'm still not sold 
that you're actually me. 

Graham 2: Okay. Your understanding of the Higgs Field is wrong. Yes, a collapse 
to true vacuum could happen, but it wouldn't happen randomly. If that was the 
case, you'd make half a dozen by walking. There needs to be some kind of force 
behind it. Look, this may sound a bit crazy, but SCP-3747 is responsible for the 
phenomenon known as SCP-3747-B. 

Graham 1: I'm not buying that.

Graham 2: You see, let's say that, once upon a time, there was an entity. We 
still don't know what it is, nor where it came from. However, it's malevolent, 
and creates SCP-3747-B to eat up the universe. However, Xia sees this and 
creates SCP-3747-A as a countermeasure. As SCP-3747-A starts getting about, the 
entity gets mad, and tries to fight the dynasty head-on. But they were expecting 
that, and the entity falls into a trap. The thing is fully contained, and 
everything is well. 

Graham 2: Fast forward to the present day. The entity manages to escape and 
sneak into the Foundation databanks. I don't know how because it's hard to 
perform forensics like that on your own database, let alone one in another 
universe. I personally think that somebody let an artifact a bit too close to a 
server. But now, the entity is trapped in the Foundation servers, which have 
enough layers of security to make them watertight. Still can't do anything. 

Graham 2: Enter Gamers Against Weed. One of 'em tries to break into the 
database, probably to stick a meme in there. But he provides the perfect 
opportunity for the entity to escape. So the thing gets in there, and starts 
creating SCP-3747-B instances again. But SCP-3747-A is still active. So the 
entity tries to hack them in order to destroy them. But the SCP Foundation busts 
in, arrests the guy, and puts the computer in a vault. 

Graham 1: So why are you telling me all of this?

Graham 2: SCP-3747-B affects us as well. You see, our universes are very 
different. We exist in a true vacuum, rather than a false vacuum. Whenever 
SCP-3747-B instance spawns in your universe, an identical SCP-3747-B instance 
appears in our universe, except that instead of an ever-expanding bubble of true 
vacuum, it's an ever-expanding bubble of false vacuum. The kicker is, while we 
had SCP-3747-A, it was destroyed in Incident ████1-Alpha. We have about 
thirty years before SCP-3747-B-K is big enough to swallow the solar system. 
That's why I care. Our entire universe is at stake here. 

No conversation for 5 seconds.

Graham 1: I'm still not entirely convinced. How do I know that SCP-3747 isn't 
preventing an SCP-3747-B instance from appearing in the middle of Earth's core, 
or something like that? How do I know that you're not lying to me? 

Graham 2: Okay then. A while back, you broadcasted a radio transmission into an 
instance of SCP-3747-B, located within the Tadpole Galaxy. We picked up that 
transmission. Give me a second. 

Graham 2 goes off of the left of the screen, then returns holding an audio 
recording device, hereafter referred to as "the device". The device is a 
handheld plastic case with an embedded audio speaker, three buttons, and a 
Foundation logo near the top of the device. Graham 2 presses the top button, and 
the following audio then plays: 

Device: My name is Dr. Henry Raddigan, and I am speaking on behalf of the SCP 
Foundation, an organization dedicated to the containment of anomalous activity 
and paranormal threats. We hope that this message has reached sapient lifeforms. 
If so, we encourage you to contact us with another transmission. Thank you for 
your time. 

The device replays the message in Spanish, French, German, Italian, Dutch, 
Russian, Latin, Chinese, and Polish. This message matches Document 
Beta-Tango-17, which was transmitted into SCP-3747-B-503 on 11/18/2014 in an 
attempt to determine if SCP-3747-B instances could house sapient life. 

No conversation for 35 seconds.

Graham 1: Does the black moon howl?

Graham 2: Only to wake the void.

Graham 1: That's all I needed to hear.

Graham 1 uses a nearby maintenance wrench to smash SCP-3747's keyboard. Before 
security personnel escort Graham out of the chamber, he manages to do 
significant damage to SCP-3747's hard drive and central processor. 

[ END LOG ]

Closing Statement: Senior Researcher Graham's Level 4 clearance was revoked as a 
disciplinary measure following this incident. See Addendum 3747-2 for more 
information. 


Addendum: Analysis of Incident 3747-Gamma has revealed that an incorporeal 
humanoid entity is visible for two frames while Senior Researcher Graham was 
destroying SCP-3747. In the first frame, the entity is taking a kneeling posture 
while one foot is lodged within SCP-3747. In the second frame, the entity is 
lying stomach-down on the floor to the right of SCP-3747. This entity has been 
classified as Potential Anomaly 4851 (PA-4851). 


Addendum 3747-2:

SCP-3747 was repaired and data was restored to its pre-Incident 3747-Gamma 
state. However, upon loading connect.exe, SCP-3747 now only displays 
"COMMUNICATIONS INTERRUPTED, POTENTIAL FATAL ERROR". No SCP-3747-B activity has 
been reported following Incident 3747-Gamma, and SCP-3747-A has remained in its 
resting position in the Saturn Hexagon. SCP-3747 has been reclassified as 
Euclid. 


