                                    SCP-4170                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                    The Dark                                    
                                    --------                                    

Item #: SCP-4170 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: Pending repairs to the Colorado High-Accuracy 
Neutrino Telescope (CHANT), the orbital position, Higgs Field density, and 
approximate νσ flux of SCP-4170 is to be monitored by the Large Dark Matter 
Array. At such time as the CHANT is returned to full functionality, translations 
of all νσ communications by SCP-4170 are to be recorded in both the SCP 
database and the Dark Body database, where SCP-4170 maintains a dual-entry as 
2014DBI Miriam. 

Upon completion of repairs, the CHANT is not to be used for monitoring of 
SCP-4170 until sufficient shielding has been installed to protect the telescope 
from direct attack by focused neutrino streams. As this shielding technology 
currently does not exist, the Foundation is to increase funding and resource 
allocation to the Dark Matter Astronomy department by at least 25%, to 
fast-track the research and development of defenses against neutrino weaponry. 

Description: SCP-4170 is a dark-body intelligence (DBI) in circumsolar orbit 
with a period of 34.7 years and a semi-major axis of 10.64 AU, slightly beyond 
the orbit of Saturn. Calculations of mass decay rate imply that SCP-4170 is a 
relatively newly-formed body, having coalesced between 20 and 25 thousand years 
ago. In all physical respects, SCP-4170 is unremarkable among the population of 
known non-anomalous DBIs, with a core Higgs density of approximately 350 GeV and 
a Hess radius of 12 kilometers. Psychological reports indicate a moderate degree 
of asocial behavior and emotional volatility. 

Dark matter is typically invisible and undetectable to ordinary baryonic matter 
(e.g. optical, x-ray, or radio telescopes) save through density measurements of 
the Higgs Field and detection of sterile neutrino (νσ) emissions. As these 
dark matter astronomy techniques are not presently accessible to researchers 
outside the Foundation, the existence of DBIs is unknown to the general public. 
Conversely, though DBIs are sensitive to the powerful gravitational pull of the 
sun and nearby planets, there is no known mechanism by which DBIs could be 
cognizant of the existence of humanity. Though the Foundation has collected 
ample communications data from thousands of DBIs, there is no evidence that DBIs 
other than SCP-4170 are aware of any of the other sapient species that currently 
inhabit the Solar System, including Homo sapiens. 

SCP-4170 was first detected in a 2014 sky survey by the Foundation's Large Dark 
Matter Array, and was at that time designated 2014 DBI62 by the Dark Matter 
Astronomy department. Detailed observation of its νσ communications with other 
DBIs confirmed that it was at least a class-III (pseudosapient) or class-IV 
(sapient) intelligence, prompting assignment of the randomly-generated common 
designation "2014DBI Miriam." Classification and renaming were delayed due to 
the perfunctory and terse nature of its social interactions with nearby 
class-III and class-IV DBIs, rendering sufficient data collection unusually 
challenging. Indirect evidence was collected from other DBIs to supplement the 
sparse dataset, an example of which is reproduced below: 


- DBI Communication Log 2014.83 [excerpt] 

Note: For ease of reading, dialogue from SCP-4170 has been highlighted in red. 

2016DBI Theodore: [Informal Greeting]. [Query: Self assessment of your emotional 
status]? 

2011DBI Ashley: [Informal Greeting]. [Response: Positive emotional status]. 
[Query: Self assessment of your emotional status]? 

2016DBI Theodore: [Response: Neutral emotional status]. 

2011DBI Ashley: [Query: Request for elaboration]? 

2016DBI Theodore: [Response: Decline to respond]. 

2011DBI Ashley: [Strong query: Request for elaboration]? 

2016DBI Theodore: [Response: No causal relationship between recent events and 
current emotional state]. 

2011DBI Ashley: [Expression of disbelief]. 

2016DBI Theodore: [No causal relationship between recent events and current 
emotional state]. Translator's note: Abrupt frequency downshift in 2016DBI 
Theodore's communication indicates a deliberate effort to convey a negative 
emotional status, contradicting its earlier response. In previous conversations, 
2016DBI Theodore has employed this technique to deliberately elicit feelings of 
concern and sympathy from 2011DBI Ashley, a frequent conversational partner and 
confidant. 

2011DBI Ashley: [Term of endearment]. [Query: You have recently communicated 
with 2014DBI Miriam]? 

2016DBI Theodore: [Response: Affirmative]. 

2011DBI Ashley: [Term of endearment]. [Expression of commiseration]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Informal Greeting]. 

2011DBI Ashley: [Formal Greeting]. 

2016DBI Theodore: [Formal Greeting]. Translator's note: Significantly delayed 
response indicates substantial reluctance to communicate 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Self-assessment of your emotional status]? 

2016DBI Theodore: [Response: Fine]. 

2011DBI Ashley: [Response: Fine]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: I am experiencing a negative emotional status]. 

2011DBI Ashley: [Noncommittal reply]. 

2016DBI Theodore: [Noncommittal reply]. 

With the sole known exception of SCP-4170, DBIs are not considered to be 
anomalous. While the Foundation's discovery of extraterrestrial dark 
intelligence within our solar system was of great interest to researchers, 
current theories developed by the Foundation fully account for the evolution of 
sapient beings composed of dark matter. The primordial development, 
pseudo-neurology, language, and culture of DBIs are well-attested, and their 
existence is entirely compatible with our present-day understanding of the laws 
of nature. To date, SCP-4170 is the only DBI to be afforded an entry in the SCP 
database. 

Potential evidence of the anomalous nature of SCP-4170 first came to light in a 
conversation between SCP-4170 (2014DBI Miriam) and 2016DBI Theodore. 


- DBI Communication Log 2015.12 [excerpt] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Informal Greeting] 

2016DBI Theodore: [Formal Greeting] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: I have a new friend] 

2016DBI Theodore: [Noncommittal reply] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: My new friend is a planet] 

2016DBI Theodore: [Noncommittal reply] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: My new friend is Planet Three] Translator's note: 
Earth. 

2016DBI Theodore: [Noncommittal reply] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: You cannot be friends with Planet Three] 

2016DBI Theodore: [Noncommittal reply] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: Planet Three only talks to me] 

2016DBI Theodore: [Noncommittal reply] 

Following this record, the Colorado High Accuracy Neutrino Telescope was tasked 
with 24-hour monitoring of 2014DBI Miriam in an effort to determine whether the 
DBI was in communication with a human or humans. The following excerpts are a 
small selection of what appear to be one-sided conversations between SCP-4170 
and a party on or near Earth1. As no νσ emissions have been detected emanating 
from Earth, the ability of SCP-4170 to communicate by some unknown means outside 
of the νσ spectrum has been deemed anomalous. 


- DBI Communication Log 2015.23 [excerpt] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Informal Greeting]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Who are you]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Response: I do not understand]. [Repeat Query: Who are you]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Clarify — are you Planet Three?]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of amazement/surprise]. [Query: Clarify — are 
there many of you in Planet Three]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Are you all friends in Planet Three]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of amazement/surprise]. [Assertion: I am your 
friend]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of positive emotional status]. 


- DBI Communication Log 2015.29 [excerpt] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Informal Greeting]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Self assessment of your emotional status]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Why are you experiencing a negative emotional status]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: I do not understand]. [Query: What is 
<untranslatable phrase>]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: I do not have <untranslatable phrase>]. [Assertion: 
I created myself]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Response: No, I am not lonely]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Response: Expression of thankfulness]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of positive emotional status]. 

Translator's note: Judging from context, the repeated untranslatable phrase is 
speculated to be "parent(s)." Further logs will reflect this translation, should 
additional evidence arise. 


- DBI Communication Log 2016.11 [excerpt] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Informal Greeting]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: I am near Planet Six]. Translator's note: Saturn. 
[Query: Can you observe Planet Six at this time with your telescope]? 
Translator's note: I wasn't sure before, but at this point, I'm positive that 
this phrase means "telescope." I am impressed that this person managed to 
explain to a DBI what "light" was. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: I wish to experience Planet Six as you do]. [Query: 
Can you describe Planet Six to me]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of amazement/awe]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: When I am near Planet Six, I experience density 
fluctuations in the Higgs Field. The fluctuation pattern is aesthetically 
pleasing]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of positive emotional status]. 


- DBI Communication Log 2017.87 [excerpt] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Informal Greeting]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Your hemisphere of Planet Three is nearing its maximum 
axial tilt towards the Sun. In past years, this indicated that your group 
educational program would cease for roughly one-quarter of a Planet Three-year. 
Is this once again the case]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Does this mean that you will be be active at night with 
your telescope again]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of positive emotional status]. 


- DBI Communication Log 2018.23 [excerpt] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Informal Greeting]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Query: Are you still experiencing a negative emotional status]? 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of commiseration]. [Assertion: I wish your parents 
were better friends]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of thankfulness]. [Assertion: I was untruthful when 
we first met. I told you I was not lonely, and that was a lie]. [Assertion: I 
had never had a friend until I met you]. [Assertion: Even though your parents 
are unkind, they somehow managed to create the kindest person in the Solar 
System]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Expression of positive emotional status]. 


- DBI Communication Log 2020.36 [excerpt] 

2014DBI Miriam: [Informal Greeting]. 

2014DBI Miriam: [Assertion: I think I am seeing something different on Planet 
Three. A very small dot. I will proceed to examine it closer]. 

The previous communications log is the last recorded transmission collected by 
the Colorado High Accuracy Neutrino Telescope. Twelve seconds after receiving 
this message, a tightly-focused νσ beam struck the main collector plate, 
overwhelming the detection system and permanently disabling the telescope. As 
the CHANT was the only device of its kind ever constructed, and as said 
construction came at considerable expense to the Foundation, all DBI 
communications collection has been halted indefinitely. Repairs are scheduled to 
take place within the next five to ten years. 



Footnotes 

1. The lag between transmissions has been uniformly consistent with a 
speed-of-light delay between the then-current locations of SCP-4170 and Earth. 


