                                    SCP-5908                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                Missing Bullets                                 
                                ---------------                                 

Item #: SCP-5908 

Object Class: Pending 

Special Containment Procedures 

SCP-5908 is held within Safe Storage Locker 18 at Site-51. Under no 
circumstances is the testing of SCP-5908 permitted. 

Foundation assets in the field of historic academia are to support the theory 
that Dorian Lockley was responsible for the assassination of Henry Clay. Any 
civilian attempt to exhume or study Henry Clay's body is strictly prohibited. 

Description 

SCP-5908 is a half-stock, muzzle-loading percussion pistol, created by Philip 
Creamer on behalf of the 7th President of the United States, Andrew Jackson. 
SCP-5908 was designed with thaumaturgic runes along the barrel capable of 
triggering a ritual upon firing of the weapon. 

SCP-5908 was delivered to the Jackson Residence six days after Andrew Jackson's 
death and remained unused until recovered by the Foundation. 

Discovery 

On 2020/01/20, SCP-5908 was acquired in a raid on an anomalous antique dealer's 
warehouse, along with 26 other anomalous artifacts. A title card attached to 
SCP-5908 read, "Andrew Jackson | Creamer Pistol, 1845", though no further 
information on its anomalous properties were available. The Foundation has yet 
to discover the location of the compound's owner, Antonio Burelli(POI-45Y67) and 
the investigation into his whereabouts is currently ongoing. 

Test Summary 

SCP-5908 was tested a total of four times between the 25th and 27th of January, 
2020. Each test was inconclusive beyond the fact that the bullet disappeared 
upon firing and no evidence as to the location of these bullets was discovered 
at the time. The researcher responsible for the initial testing of SCP-5908, 
Kyle Morgan, requests the item be designated Anomalous Item and stored with 
other historical artifacts within the Site-51 vault. 

_ 


(Notification: 1 New Message)


New Message: 

To: Researcher Kyle Morgan, Site-51 Intake 

From: Researcher Daniel Vargos Temporal Site-01 

Subject: Re:SCP-5908 

Are you fucking kidding me? 

_ 

Open: asci468967-doc

American Secure Containment Initiative Document, circa 1846 

Item Number: 46-8967 

Classification Type: Unexplained Event 

ASCI Protocols for Containment: ASCI Officer Dorian Lockley shall be arrested 
and charged with the assassination of Henry Clay on the 29th of January, 1846. 
Officer Lockley has been prepared for the event and will plead guilty to all 
associated charges. Upon incarceration, Officer Lockley will be reported to have 
committed suicide by hanging and relocated to Mexico where he shall remain. 

Description: On the 25th of January, 1846, Senator Henry Clay was shot in the 
temple by an unseen assailant. Two dozen witnesses claim to have seen Senator 
Clay being shot as he left the Capitol building, and though this event was 
thoroughly investigated, no origin could be found. While in preparation at the 
coroner's office, Senator Clay was shot an additional 3 times, twice on the 26th 
and once on the 27th. Philip Connors and his assistant Gordon Thomas were 
present and attest to the bullets' manifestation from approximately 20 paces 
from the deceased. 

Nota Bene: On the 12th of August, 1851, renowned gunsmith Philip Creamer 
confessed to complicity in the assassination of Senator Henry Clay. 

"I have done something terrible. I killed Henry Clay, not me, not yet, but I 
will. President Jackson and I have perpetrated a most dastardly deed, a shame my 
legacy will not outlive." 

No further evidence could be ascertained as to the connection between Phenomenon 
46-8967, President Jackson, and Philip Creamer. 

Of note, Philip Creamer was hired by President Jackson to craft several 
firearms, of which three were inspected and deemed non-anomalous. When asked if 
he had any regrets in life President Jackson stated: 

“Yes, I didn’t shoot Henry Clay, and I didn’t hang John C. Calhoun.” 

A suspected motive were it not for the fact President Jackson died in 1845. 


