                                    SCP-4910                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 "The Grinner"                                  
                                 -------------                                  

Item #: SCP-4910 

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: The anomaly is currently at large. MTF-ε 
"Tyrfing Black" is to respond to sightings. Lethal force against the entity has 
been authorized due to its infectious properties and low research potential. 
Victims likewise require indiscriminate termination. 

Operatives returning from deployment found to be grinning excessively, or who 
present multiple smiles, must be immobilized via firearm and doused in a 
specialized hydrochloric chemical compound (HF/PURE). Once the remaining pulp 
ceases animation, it may be transported offsite for incineration. 

Personnel are advised to seek medical attention if becoming afflicted after an 
encounter with an affected operative. Surgical intervention is effective in 
early stages (1-2 hours). Pain management becomes impossible by the time 
lower-body cavities develop (3-4 hours). 

Description: Predatory dental quadruped, one hundred multi-continental sightings 
post-1886. Precise details unknown: eyewitnesses invariably succumb to its 
effects—primarily, the rapid overproduction of teeth, inhibiting their ability 
to verbalize intelligibly. Recording devices are instantaneously compromised via 
the manifestation of dentin in critical components. Artistic representation 
varies wildly, yet focuses exclusively on various algamations of teeth and the 
associated gingiva. 

SCP-4910 seems to be capable of differentiating between those unaware of its 
properties—typically civilians—whom it uses for sustenance; and those who 
specifically seek to either capture or harm it—such as personnel of both 
mundane and occult organisations—whom it targets for the purposes of sexual 
intercourse. 

While similar in most respects to standard victims, those targeted for 
intercourse act as a vector for SCP-4910's anomalous properties. 

Previous 58 capture attempts unsuccessful, involving serious dental violence, 
internal bleeding, loss of life. Thirteen MTF-ε agents missing in action. Seven 
had [DATA EXPUNGED] plaque; since euthanised. Transformative autocannibalisation 
claimed five. 


