                                    SCP-5408                                    
                                    ========                                    

                      Customer Dissatisfaction Guaranteed                       
                      -----------------------------------                       

Item #: SCP-5408 

Object Class: Neutralized 

Special Containment Procedures 

Oceanic Task Force Delta-14 will maintain a 2 km² exclusion zone around the 
island that previously contained SCP-5408, under the guise of radiation 
contamination testing. Fragments of SCP-5408-A material are held within Secure 
Radioactive Container 5 at Site-104. 

All information regarding the Mageírema Event and the Vela Incident1 is to be 
falsified and the events attributed to South African/Israeli nuclear testing. 

Description 

SCP-5408 was a semi-organic entity of unknown origins that resembled a late 
20th-century lighthouse, located on a small island in the Indian Ocean. The 
exact structures that allowed SCP-5408 to sustain life are unknown; sample 
analysis indicates it was composed of silicon, iron, organic tissue2, nickel, 
and strontium-90. Though composed of large quantities of strontium-90, SCP-5408 
showed no signs of radioactivity on external sensors prior to the Mageírema 
Event. Four rectangular orifices were located along its vertical shaft that 
expelled an ammonium-nitrate compound every 14 hours. This process was theorized 
to be a byproduct of a respiratory system. SCP-5408 was capable of broadcasting 
a long-range radio transmission that originated from a large crystal housed at 
the summit (designated SCP-5408-A). 

SCP-5408-A was composed of a previously unknown organic crystalloid compound, 
capable of long-range communication. The transmissions broadcast from SCP-5408-A 
were a quadratic code system intermittent with theta waves; when decrypted the 
language used was a modern dialect of Kiswahili3. The housing surrounding 
SCP-5408-A was impenetrable, making pre-neutralization testing impossible. 

Discovery 

On 1978/12/21, Foundation satellite OU/556 detected a large spike in theta 
particles located on an island near Prince Edward Islands in the Indian Ocean. A 
Foundation exploratory team discovered SCP-5408 where no previous lighthouse was 
observed. Upon further investigation, the anomalous nature of SCP-5408 was 
discovered and Provisional Site-Q33 was constructed near the anomaly. Two weeks 
after the discovery of SCP-5408, the first SCP-5408-A broadcast was intercepted. 
A Foundation decryption team spent four weeks deciphering the transmission into 
Kiswahili and then English. The translation was as follows: 

Epoch special one time only. 

Biological inhabitants, 9.1 million variants. 

Many ingredients, very moist. 

Microwave delight prepared by none other than [Untranslatable]. 

Oxygen allergy beware. 

Only 13.6E18 [Untranslatable], buy now. 

Location upon reservation. Meal upon arrival. 

SCP-5408-A broadcasted this transmission every two weeks until 1979/09/12 at 
which time the Mageírema Event initiated. 


Mageírema Event 

On 1979/09/12, the SCP-5408-A broadcast changed composition, the updated 
translation was as follows: 

Many thanks, purchase confirmed. 

Reservation accepted for [Untranslatable]. 

Preparations begin on [Untranslatable]. 

On 1979/09/22 SCP-5408 began emitting large amounts of non-ionizing radiation 
through an unknown process. This radiation was similar to that used in microwave 
ovens, but at an exponentially greater concentration, increasing by a factor of 
50% every 30 minutes. An emergency meeting of the O5 Council was formed and in a 
unanimous decision, brute-force neutralization was authorized. 

Five hours after the approval was finalized, a dual-yield thaumic bomb known as 
the R5 "Twin Canary" was detonated at the summit of SCP-5408. Neutralization of 
SCP-5408 was successful though several inert fragments of SCP-5408-A remained. 

The neutralization of SCP-5408 was detected by multiple civilian satellites, 
most notably the Vela Hotel satellite. Foundation assets within the United 
States and Soviet governments began a disinformation campaign aligning the event 
with South African/Israeli nuclear testing. 

At 09:23 GMT on 1979/09/23, an unknown energy phenomenon was detected by 
Foundation satellite GV-4433 located 25,000 km from earth. The anomaly remained 
stationary for 36 minutes before dissipating. The exact nature of the anomaly is 
undetermined and was designated the SCP-5408 W Event. 

On 1979/12/16, the Foundation intercepted a quadratic code system transmission 
identical to the one used by SCP-5408-A, originating from outside of the Sol 
System. The translation is as follows: 

Rate one sun. 

Large disappointment, want refund. 

Arrived to raw meal, no service, no [Untranslatable]. 

Left without eating. 

Do not recommend. 

Following this transmission, no further SCP-5408 related activity has occurred. 



Footnotes 

1. The Vela incident is the civilian designation for the flashes caused by 
SCP-5408's neutralization. 

2. DNA/RNA analysis revealed the presence of 19 previously undiscovered 
nucleotide groups. 

3. Also known as Swahili. 


