                                    SCP-5205                                    
                                    ========                                    

                             Paranormal Activities                              
                             ---------------------                              

Item #: SCP-5205 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures 

SCP-5205 is contained within a 1 km2 exclusionary zone maintained and observed 
by personnel at Auxiliary Site-51/8a. Restricted area warning signs are posted 
around the perimeter of the area and security personnel are to enforce these 
restrictions in conjunction with the New Jersey State Police. 

Instances of SCP-5205-1 are collectively held within Biological Containment 
Chamber 27 at Site-51. All new instances are to be thoroughly documented at the 
point of discovery before being transferred to containment. Testing of 
SCP-5205-1 instances may be conducted by Medical Department personnel upon 
approval of the HCML Supervisor. 

Description 

SCP-5205 is an unexplained phenomenon affecting a 1 km2 area of forest within 
the New Jersey Pine Barrens. At irregular intervals, various human body parts 
(collectively designated SCP-5205-1) will manifest within this area. 

As of 2020/01/01, 78 instances of SCP-5205-1 have been recovered, all of which 
were partially embedded within the top-most layer of soil. These instances 
manifest at an inconsistent rate of approximately 15 to 25 instances per year 
and have been recovered in various states of decomposition. Each instance has 
been determined to originate from different individuals; varying in age1, sex, 
and ethnicity. Blood analysis of recently manifested SCP-5205-1 instances 
reveals consistently elevated levels of adrenaline-related compounds. The 
separation of SCP-5205-1 instances from their original bodies occurs on a 
molecular level: there is no evidence of immediate blood loss at the time of 
manifestation, and the instances decompose at the expected rate. The Foundation 
has been unable to match any SCP-5205-1 instances with a corresponding 
individual through fingerprints, DNA analysis, dental records, or facial 
recognition. The origins of the SCP-5205-1 instances remain unknown. 

Discovery 

On 2017/06/23, SCP-5205 was discovered by New Jersey State Police officers 
patrolling the Pine Barrens within Burlington County. The police originally 
considered it a dumping ground and cordoned off the area before collecting a 
total of ten SCP-5205-1 instances for analysis. Further investigation of the 
area led to the discovery of the partial manifested remains of various athletic 
safety equipment and clothing. 

The Foundation received the coroner reports regarding several SCP-5205-1 
instances from assets within the NJSP. These reports included detailed 
photographic and analytic evidence, though no known cause for the separation 
could be determined. The Foundation deployed a two-man investigative team, under 
the guise of FBI agents, to determine if full Foundation involvement was 
necessary. Thorough investigation of hospital and emergency care centers within 
the tri-state area revealed no corresponding injures matching the SCP-5205-1 
instances. The Foundation fully commandeered the investigation after personnel 
conducted detailed examinations of SCP-5205-1 instances and determined that 
mundane causes were unlikely. 

Following its arrival, the Foundation established Auxiliary Site-51/8a and the 
exclusionary zone around SCP-5205. All information regarding SCP-5205 was 
removed from public records; the NJSP personnel responsible for the discovery 
were amnesticized and released. 

Notice: 2020/06/14 

At 05:26 GMT, Foundation personnel within Exclusionary Zone 401b discovered a 
newly manifested SCP-5205-1 instance. The instance consisted of the right arm 
and shoulder of a human male, wearing a half-manifested sleeve composed of blue 
talsan fabric and spandex. 

A parachute backpack was recovered approximately one meter from the SCP-5205-1 
instance. Subsequent analysis revealed defective release pins for both the main 
deployment bag and a partially deployed reserve. The backpack is composed of an 
unknown material that displays an abnormal level of Theta radiation. A red 
embossed logo is visible on the side of the backpack reading "Wild Bill's 
Trans-Dimensional Skydiving School"; public records include no information 
regarding a company by that name. Further investigation into the origin of 
SCP-5205 and the aforementioned company is currently ongoing. 



Footnotes 

1. Ranging from approximately 18 to 50 years old. 


