                                    SCP-194                                     
                                    =======                                     

                         Thank You For Your Cooperation                         
                         ------------------------------                         

Item #: SCP-194

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-194 is contained in a standard
anomalous vehicle containment unit.

Description: SCP-194 is a red-painted rowboat, designed to seat two people.


Addendum 194.A (Object Class): Euclid


Addendum 194.B (Special Containment Procedures): The object presently
designated SCP-194 is contained in a concrete mausoleum located in a
New Orleans cemetery, the location of which is included in attached
file 194-LOC-A. The mausoleum is to be checked for damage or
deterioration once every 30 days. Any reality-restructuring effects of
SCP-194 which appear to impact the space outside of it should be
reported to containment staff.

Due to the effects of SCP-194-Z upon the SCP-194 designation, the
acting documentation of SCP-194-Z is presented in the form of various
addenda to the acting SCP-194 designation. Any secondary
classifications are to be assigned in reverse alphabetical order (i.e.
SCP-194-Z), and all addenda are to be designated alphabetically,
rather than numerically (i.e. Addendum 194.A). This is to prevent
conflict with documentation applied to the SCP-194 designation.

Despite changes to the SCP-194 designation, Addenda 194.A through
194.C describe the true nature of SCP-194-Z, and will remain unaltered
regardless of other edits.


Addendum 194.C (Description): SCP-194-Z refers to a phenomenon
surrounding the SCP-194 designation. Various objects are assigned to
the SCP-194 designation at various times, causing the SCP-194 file to
be altered based on the affected object. Only one object can be
assigned to the SCP-194 slot at any time, causing minor retroactive
alterations to support the containment of each object in Foundation
custody.

Notably, most affected objects assigned to the SCP-194 designation are
non-anomalous in nature.


Close

The following is a transcript of CCTV Recording 139-DC-732, taken
04/23/2019, in Site-139. No relevant video was recorded; only audio.

SUBJECT 1: Hey.

SUBJECT 2: Oh. Hey.

SUBJECT 1: So, um, on Tuesday—

SUBJECT 2: Something came up.

SUBJECT 1: Well, okay, would you like to—

SUBJECT 2: You know, I'm…I'm really busy these days, it makes it kinda
tough to…you know. Be social.

SUBJECT 1: Uh-huh.

SUBJECT 2: So like, I appreciate it. Like…I appreciate you…my
coworker, wanting to socialize with me, as coworkers, outside of work,
but sometimes it's just not…going to happen. You get that, right?

SUBJECT 1: Well I mean…I guess I thought—

SUBJECT 2: (Deep sigh) We are coworkers, Garth. I was under the
impression this was going to be a friendly after-work chit-chat. And
your texts—

SUBJECT 1: Oh, I was just…playing around, ya know, it—

SUBJECT 2: No, it's not really—

SUBJECT 3: Excuse me, Laura, do you have a second?

SUBJECT 2: Yeah. (footsteps)

Addendum 194.E: Testing Logs



Item #: SCP-194

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-194 is contained in a standard
anomalous object locker.

Description: SCP-194 is an artist’s easel, with four paintbrushes in a
small cup attached to its side.

Close
Addendum 194.A (Object Class): Euclid

Addendum 194.B (Special Containment Procedures): The object presently
designated SCP-194 is contained in a concrete mausoleum located in a
New Orleans cemetery, the location of which is included in attached
file 194-LOC-A. The mausoleum is to be checked for damage or
deterioration once every 30 days. Any reality-restructuring effects of
SCP-194 which appear to impact the space outside of it should be
reported to containment staff.

Due to the effects of SCP-194-Z upon the SCP-194 designation, the
acting documentation of SCP-194-Z is presented in the form of various
addenda to the acting SCP-194 designation. Any secondary
classifications are to be assigned in reverse alphabetical order (i.e.
SCP-194-Z), and all addenda are to be designated alphabetically,
rather than numerically (i.e. Addendum 194.A). This is to prevent
conflict with documentation applied to the SCP-194 designation.

Despite changes to the SCP-194 designation, Addenda 194.A through
194.C describe the true nature of SCP-194-Z, and will remain unaltered
regardless of other edits.

Addendum 194.C (Description): SCP-194-Z refers to a phenomenon
surrounding the SCP-194 designation. Various objects are assigned to
the SCP-194 designation at various times, causing the SCP-194 file to
be altered based on the affected object. Only one object can be
assigned to the SCP-194 slot at any time, causing minor retroactive
alterations to support the containment of each object in Foundation
custody.

Notably, most affected objects assigned to the SCP-194 designation are
non-anomalous in nature.


Close

To: Richard, G.

From: Human Resources

Subject: Complaint

This email is to inform you that a personnel complaint has been filed
against you for recent behavior. You are required to meet with our
office within the next 7 days. Please respond to this email with at
least 3 dates and times you are available for a 1 hour meeting.

Thank you for your cooperation.


To: Richard, G.

From: Site-139 Security Supervisor

Subject: Questions

Hello, I am emailing concerning a recent audit of clearance logs for
SCP-194. It appears you, or someone with your credentials, may have
utilized your credentials to gain access to SCP-194. Please contact
our office immediately.

Thank you for your cooperation,

J.R.


To: Richard, G.

From: Personnel Director

Subject: Notice

Due to recent events, I would like to inform you that you are being
transferred to Site-402, effective this coming Friday. Please resolve
all pending matters before this date. Replies to this email will go
unanswered.

Thanks for your cooperation,
Jim

Addendum 194.E: Field Operations Log



Item #: SCP-194

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-194 is contained in a standard
anomalous object locker.

Description: SCP-194 is a regulation-size volleyball.

Close

Addendum 194.A (Object Class): Euclid

Addendum 194.B (Special Containment Procedures): The object presently
designated SCP-194 is contained in a concrete mausoleum located in a
New Orleans cemetery, the location of which is included in attached
file 194-LOC-A. The mausoleum is to be checked for damage or
deterioration once every 30 days. Any reality-restructuring effects of
SCP-194 which appear to impact the space outside of it should be
reported to containment staff.

Due to the effects of SCP-194-Z upon the SCP-194 designation, the
acting documentation of SCP-194-Z is presented in the form of various
addenda to the acting SCP-194 designation. Any secondary
classifications are to be assigned in reverse alphabetical order (i.e.
SCP-194-Z), and all addenda are to be designated alphabetically,
rather than numerically (i.e. Addendum 194.A). This is to prevent
conflict with documentation applied to the SCP-194 designation.

Despite changes to the SCP-194 designation, Addenda 194.A through
194.C describe the true nature of SCP-194-Z, and will remain unaltered
regardless of other edits.

Addendum 194.C (Description): SCP-194-Z refers to a phenomenon
surrounding the SCP-194 designation. Various objects are assigned to
the SCP-194 designation at various times, causing the SCP-194 file to
be altered based on the affected object. Only one object can be
assigned to the SCP-194 slot at any time, causing minor retroactive
alterations to support the containment of each object in Foundation
custody.

Notably, most affected objects assigned to the SCP-194 designation are
non-anomalous in nature.


close

On 04/23/2019, SCP-194 document underwent a period of accelerated
flux, before returning to normal stabilization. The following text was
found in a digital document inserted into the SCP-194 file.

SCP-194: Note

Dear Laura,

I still like you and I want something to happen between us. I know you
think I don’t care, and that I don’t think about people, but I really,
really do. And I care about you most of all. To prove it, am going to
make something for you: a collage of all the amazing things about you,
to show what a unique and amazing person you are!


Close

It’s never going to happen, Garth. Take your crap and just leave me
alone. Please. Please don't make me take drastic action.


Close

Case #: 194,173

Subject: Richard, G.

Date: 08/22/2016

Reporting Officer: Carter, Jarem

Incident: Subject entered a shopping center around 11:00 A.M. and
entered Sears department store. At around 12:00 noon, the individual
was seen running out of the store, being chased by a member of the
store's security team. Officer Carter apprehended the suspect, who was
carrying jewelry, art supplies, and a volleyball on his person.
Suspect was unable to provide proof of purchase, was held for
questioning and in the store security office.

Actions Taken: Suspect has been given a court summons for 11:00 A.M.
on 09/02/2016. As he was cooperative to officers, suspect was not
taken into custody.

Addendum 194.G: 194-LOC-A



Item #: SCP-194

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-194 is contained in a standard
computer file.

Description: SCP-194 is a document with various mathematical equations
and symbols written upon it.

Close


Addendum 194.A (Object Class): Euclid

Addendum 194.B (Special Containment Procedures): The object presently
designated SCP-194 is contained in a concrete mausoleum located in a
New Orleans cemetery, the location of which is included in attached
file 194-LOC-A. The mausoleum is to be checked for damage or
deterioration once every 30 days. Any reality-restructuring effects of
SCP-194 which appear to impact the space outside of it should be
reported to containment staff.

Due to the effects of SCP-194-Z upon the SCP-194 designation, the
acting documentation of SCP-194-Z is presented in the form of various
addenda to the acting SCP-194 designation. Any secondary
classifications are to be assigned in reverse alphabetical order (i.e.
SCP-194-Z), and all addenda are to be designated alphabetically,
rather than numerically (i.e. Addendum 194.A). This is to prevent
conflict with documentation applied to the SCP-194 designation.

Despite changes to the SCP-194 designation, Addenda 194.A through
194.C describe the true nature of SCP-194-Z, and will remain unaltered
regardless of other edits.


Addendum 194.C (Description): SCP-194-Z refers to a phenomenon
surrounding the SCP-194 designation. Various objects are assigned to
the SCP-194 designation at various times, causing the SCP-194 file to
be altered based on the affected object. Only one object can be
assigned to the SCP-194 slot at any time, causing minor retroactive
alterations to support the containment of each object in Foundation
custody.

Notably, most affected objects assigned to the SCP-194 designation are
non-anomalous in nature. No known connection between these items
exists and how they came to be in Foundation custody is unknown. All
associated objects exhibit high levels of dimensional instability.


Close

Field agents, designated Zulu-Niner and Bravo-Delta, were dispatched
to Our Lady of Repentance cemetery in Orleans Parish due to a radio
signal emanating from the location (Attached, Addendum 194.G). On
arrival, agents found the mausoleum in the attached report open.
Inside, they discovered the mummified remains of a human male in
contemporary clothing. Identification cards identified him as Garth
Richard, but no records of said person can be found. Subject's wallet
also included contact information for Foundation researcher Laura
Kane, but after questioning she indicates she has no recollection of
the deceased subject.


Close

Researcher, Laura Kane, Regarding SCP-194. 04/23/2019. The
restructuring effects of the object appear to have caused a change in
baseline reality configuration. SCP-194 appears otherwise unchanged,
and its anomalous effects have returned to normal. I am currently
researching what triggered the effect.


Close

Richard, G: …knew you'd come to check on it.

Kane, L: You don't have authorization to be here. I heard yours got revoked.

Richard, G: Well…

Kane, L: Oh my god. Did you steal my authorization code?

Richard, G: It was the only way to—

Kane, L: Get away from me, Garth!

Richard, G: No, wait, listen—

Kane, L: No, STOP—

[A brief "thump" is heard.]

Kane, L: …Oh no.

<End Transmission>



Interviewer: Internal Affairs Agent #01-2204

Subject: Kane, Laura

Date: 04/24/2019

Interviewer: And you've listened to the audio of 194-LOC-A, right?

Subject: I did.

Interviewer: In your opinion, whose voice—

Subject: Mine.

Interviewer: What is your opinion on what happened?

Subject: I—she—was cornered, and reacted. She. Um. Defended herself.

Interviewer: Killed him, you mean.

Subject: Yes.

Interviewer: With the only things available to her at the time?

Subject: Yes.

Interviewer: Which would have been…

Subject: SCP-194.

Interviewer: And what are your thoughts on the matter?

Long pause.

Subject: You want me to say that she—or I—made the wrong decision. But
I don't think that.

Interviewer: What do you think?

Subject: That whatever reality 'Garth' is from doesn't have him in it,
and neither does ours.

Interviewer: Alright. That about wraps this up. Thank you for your cooperation.

Subject: What?

Interviewer: Hm?

Subject: Sorry. Nothing.

