                                    SCP-5202                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                    Clucked                                     
                                    -------                                     

Item #: SCP-5202 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures 

SCP-5202 is held within Site-51's Underground Item Storage Vault-3. The vault 
has been fitted with a Lexon-Anderson Vacuum Array (LAVA), to ensure 100% 
auditory cancelation. 

If the LAVA experiences a loss of power or mechanical malfunction, all personnel 
on Site-51's sublevels one through six are to wear Class-2a auditory protection 
headsets until containment is reestablished. 

The Site-51 PoI Apprehension Unit is to continue tracking PoI-5202/A and 
PoI-5202/B to facilitate their capture. 

Description 

SCP-5202 is a synthetic fowl imitation prop enhanced by a continuous 
audiothurgic process, housed within its internal acoustic device. This process 
amplifies SCP-5202's auditory function to 170-190 decibels. SCP-5202 is highly 
damage resistant and there is currently no known method of deactivating it. 

Discovery 

SCP-5202 came to Foundation attention when assets in the Ohio State Police 
reported a strange auditory phenomenon affecting the town of Cadbern. Civilians 
filed several noise complaints regarding a loud "croaking noise" that could be 
heard for miles. Local residence believed the sound originated from the Duepur 
Corporation's1 headquarters, located 3.2 km West of Cadbern. The OSP assets 
forwarded an audio file of the event, background noise has been removed for 
clarity: 

Mobile Task Force Mu-24 ("Hear no Evil") was deployed to locate and contain the 
source of the phenomenon. The following is a video transcript of SCP-5202's 
recovery: 

- Video Log

Date | Time: 2020/06/01 | 13:45 GMT 

Depicted: μ-24/1, μ-24/2, μ-24/3, μ-24/4 

Foreword: Due to SCP-5202, all audio has been removed. MTF Mu-24 communicates 
via hand signals. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

[MTF Mu-24 are walking through a parking lot that is covered in broken glass. 
The camera pans to the building, all of its windows have been shattered. Several 
bodies can be seen collapsed on the ground.] 

μ-24/1: Points to the civilians on the ground and motions for μ-24/4 to "check 
pulse". 

[μ-24/4 runs over and checks three civilians.] 

μ-24/4: Motioning to μ-24/1, "alive, injured bad." 

μ-24/1: Tapping μ-24/2 on the shoulder he gestures, "contact command, medics". 

[The team makes their way through the parking lot, a total of 11 wounded 
civilians can be seen. Mu-34 stops in front of a deceased man2, a pool of blood 
is seen around him. The body shows signs of impact trauma.] 

μ-24/3: Crouching next to the body, he looks up before gesturing, "jumper". 

[The camera focuses behind μ-24/3. μ-24/2 is pointing xer GAD3 at the ground.] 

SCP-5202 upon discovery. 

μ-24/2: Gesturing to the group, "target located". 

[μ-24/1 walks to where μ-24/2 is pointing.] 

μ-24/2: Gesturing to μ-24/4, "Bag It". 

[END LOG] 

The Site-51 Medical Department began treating the Duepur employees immediately 
upon arrival. All 71 employees received substantial damage to their eardrums, as 
well as psychological trauma. 

Investigation 

The following day, the Foundation intercepted a Hallmark apology card addressed 
to the Duepur headquarters. The card was signed by a Peter Winship (designated 
PoI-5202/A) and included the handwritten message "I never meant for this to 
happen, I'm so sorry." 

An investigation of PoI-5202/A's home led to the discovery of the following 
messages regarding SCP-5202, found on his personal computer. 

- Email Log

Date: 5/28/2020 

To: cornholebeats.@wackmail.com 

From: zoodude69.@wackmail.com 

Subject: Re: tHe AlArM cLuCk 

Yo – did the thing, how does this look: 

Title: The Alarm Cluck 

Materials Requirements: 

A Lord-o-Laugh® brand Rubber Chicken 

Two Audiomancers 

10 grams of calcified banshee dust 

.23 litres of diluted phoenix blood 

A 20cm by 20cm by 20cm cardboard box 

$3.68 for postage 

Abstract: 

The Alarm Cluck is a thaumaturgically enhanced rubber chicken that, upon 
activation by squeezing, will produce a continuous loop of chicken sounds. The 
rubber chicken itself has undergone two enhancements: 

Fireproofing via application of diluted phoenix blood. (In order to prevent heat 
related malfunctions.) 

A self-contained acoustic vortex within the chickens "voicebox", using the 
banshee dust as a catalyst. 

The acoustic vortex has been set to continuously loop the pre-recorded chicken 
sounds at 80 dB, for a week. 

The rubber chicken will be placed in a cardboard box and shipped to its intended 
destination by the US Postal Service. The final display location will be the 
Duepur Corporation's national headquarters on June 1st, 2020. 

Intent: 

We recently watched the documentary "Cluck You!", which showed us the fucked 
manner in which the American poultry industry handles business. As lovers of all 
animals, we were shocked and disgusted at the acts carried out by the "top-dogs" 
of the industry. No one's more guilty than the biggest name in the game– 
Duepur. They pack these poor creatures into warehouses, living beak to beak in 
their own filth. Disease, disfigurement, accelerated growth– the conditions 
these chickens live through are something we wouldn't wish on our worst enemies. 
We have no issues with people eating meat, but there's a better way to do it 
than this. There has to be. 

Maybe up there at headquarters, the big wigs can't hear the chickens' screams 
for mercy, but they're sure as shit gonna hear this and maybe they'll wake the 
fuck up. 


Date: 5/28/2020 

To: zoodude69.@wackmail.com 

From: cornholebeats.@wackmail.com 

Subject: Re: tHe AlArM cLuCk 

Yeah this looks fine, I still think we should crank up the volume a bit. 
Reallyyy give these fuckers a scare. 


Date: 5/29/2020 

To: cornholebeats.@wackmail.com 

From: zoodude69.@wackmail.com 

Subject: Re: tHe AlArM cLuCk 

Nah I already told you: any louder and we risk doing permanent damage to peeps, 
that's not what we set out to do. Besides I have finals this week, I don't have 
time to do the ritual. Just box it up, wipe everything down for prints n shit 
and make sure you mail it on time tomorrow – BEFORE 3 PM 


Date: 5/30/2020 

To: zoodude69.@wackmail.com 

From: cornholebeats.@wackmail.com 

Subject: Re: tHe AlArM cLuCk 

Okay man I mailed it at 2, so we're good to go. Stayed up last night to make 
some last-minute adjustments so I marked up some edits to the thing: 

Title: The Alarm Cluck 

Materials Requirements: 

A Lord-o-Laugh® brand Rubber Chicken 

Two Audiomancers 

22 grams of calcified banshee dust 

.23 litres of diluted phoenix blood 

A 20cm by 20cm by 20cm cardboard box 

$3.68 for postage 

Authentic ofuda tag4 marked "fortitude" 

Abstract: 

The Alarm Cluck is a thaumaturgically enhanced rubber chicken that, upon 
activation by squeezing, will produce a continuous loop of chicken sounds. The 
rubber chicken itself has undergone two enhancements: 

Fireproofing via application of diluted phoenix blood. (In order to prevent heat 
related malfunctions.) 

A self-contained acoustic vortex within the chickens "voicebox", using the 
banshee dust as a catalyst. 

A ofuda tag has been placed in its mouth hole, rendering it near-indestructible 
by conventionally means. 

The acoustic vortex has been set to continuously loop the pre-recorded chicken 
sounds at 170 dB, indefinitely. 

The rubber chicken will be placed in a cardboard box and shipped to its intended 
destination by the US Postal Service. The final display location will be the 
Duepur Corporation's national headquarters on June 1st, 2020. 

Intent: 

We recently watched the documentary "Cluck You!", which showed us the fucked 
manner in which the American poultry industry handles business. As lovers of all 
animals, we were shocked and disgusted at the acts carried out by the "top-dogs" 
of the industry. No one's more guilty than the biggest name in the game– 
Duepur. They pack these poor creatures into warehouses, living beak to beak in 
their own filth. Disease, disfigurement, accelerated growth– the conditions 
these chickens live through are something we wouldn't wish on our worst enemies. 
We have no issues with people eating meat, but there's a better way to do it 
than this. There has to be. 

Maybe up there at headquarters, the big wigs can't hear the chickens' screams 
for mercy, but they're sure as shit gonna hear this. The Alarm Cluck will 
definitely wake them the fuck up. 

P.S. – I was thinking about what our mentor used to say. "In everything you 
do, always remember, no half-measures." 


Date: 5/29/2020 

To: cornholebeats.@wackmail.com 

From: zoodude69.@wackmail.com 

Subject: ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY!! 

Dude that shits all over the wire– we really fucked those people up. They said 
close to 30 people are deaf and another 40 something seriously injured. I can't 
fuckin do this, I'm out man. I gotta do something to fix this. Don't bother 
replying. 

The email address cornholebeats.@wackmail.com is registered to Rick Hauser 
(designated PoI-5202/B); the locations of both PoI-5202/B and POI-5202/A are 
currently unknown. 



Footnotes 

1. A nationwide manufacturer and distributor of poultry meat products. 

2. Later confirmed to be Duepur's CEO, Carl White. 

3. General Analysis Device 

4. An authentic ofuda tag or gofu is a traditional Japanese paper talisman 
imbued with chi. 


