                                    SCP-2062                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                   Kronecker                                    
                                   ---------                                    

Item #: SCP-2062 

Object Class: Kronecker

Special Containment Procedures: Type-3 FWAB (Foundation Web Analysis
Bot) OMICRON-20-PSI (" Alan") is to constantly search and remove
SCP-2062 affected entries from the Foundation's SCP Catalog.
Non-computerized versions of affected entries are to be destroyed.

The document regarding SCP-2062 is the only object that has been
voluntarily classified as "Kronecker" by the Foundation, and does not
display any anomalous properties. Classifying other anomalous items as
"Kronecker" is prohibited.

Description: SCP-2062 is an anomalous Object Class known as
"Kronecker", appearing on random computerized SCP entries. Entries
affected with SCP-2062 will autonomously change their Object Class,
Special Containment Procedures and Description, claiming that said
items are no longer anomalous and are to be exempted from containment,
often adding details in the Description section that attempt to
disprove the anomaly. Reverting these changes have been unsuccessful.
However, these entries can be deleted from the main catalog.

There appears to be no pattern in entries selected for the SCP-2062
anomaly. Any changes that are made to an SCP entry regarding this
anomaly are instantaneous and will appear on any device currently
displaying the affected article. Any non-digitized copies of the
documentation, however, are exempt from this effect. If non-digitized
copies of the articles are scanned into the system, SCP-2062 does not
appear to affect them. Similarly, renumbering the article appears to
be effective in mitigating SCP-2062's effect, allowing for reversions
to be made.

SCP-2062-1 is the IP address from which all SCP-2062 anomalies
originate. Triangulation of the IP address results in failure with
standard positioning systems. Tracing with equipment tuned for extra
dimensional topography, indicates that SCP-2062-1 originates from an
extra dimensional space. SCP-2062-1 appears to be the only signal
originating from this space.

SCP-2062 also affects any article labelled with the following code.

**Object Class:** Kronecker

This anomaly can affect SCP entries, as well as personnel records and
other documents. SCP-2062 based revisions always follow the same
parameter: SCP-2062 attempts to disprove the subject's existence, if
applicable. If not, then SCP-2062 has minimal effect, and often makes
small and negligible notations on various points of information.
However, documents labelled manually with this code are irreversibly
affected by SCP-2062: renaming or renumbering the document is
ineffective in mitigating its effects.

SCP-2062 does not affect the actual subject of any documentation, only
the documentation itself.


Addendum: Leopold Kronecker (Lifespan: 7 December 1823 â€“ 29 December
1891) was a German mathematician who studied number theory and
algebra. Kronecker was best known for his quote on Georg Cantor's set
theory.


Die ganzen Zahlen hat der liebe Gott gemacht, alles andere ist Menschenwerk.

God made the integers, all else is the work of man.


While SCP-2062 bears no semblance to any records of the mathematician
Kronecker, further studies into the records of Kronecker's life and
death are underway.




