                                    SCP-5409                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                   Unpacified                                   
                                   ----------                                   

Item #: SCP-5409 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures 

SCP-5409 is contained within Botanical Containment Field-3 at Site-51. The 
standard water and fertilizer allotment required for its species will be 
administered to SCP-5409 via automated systems that are maintained by on-site 
Botanical Specialists. 

Description 

SCP-5409 is a sweet birch tree (Betula lenta) with a total of 200 abnormal 
growths resembling pacifiers (SCP-5409-1). SCP-5409-1 instances have the 
physical appearance and texture of hard plastic and rubber, but are composed of 
a previously unknown organic polymer. The faux-rubber "nipple" on each 
SCP-5409-1 instance is filled with a liquid compound consisting of sap, water, 
fat, proteins, and lactose. Growth analysis indicates that all 200 SCP-5409-1 
instances grew over an estimated 24-hour period during September or October of 
2012. 

Discovery 

SCP-5409 was discovered on 2013/04/20, by a hiker on the Big Heat Trail in South 
Mills, Arkansas. The hiker posted detailed pictures of SCP-5409 and a video of 
himself picking and dissecting an SCP-5409-1 instance to his Facebook account, 
which were subsequently flagged and removed by WebCrawler 0/FB-44. Assets within 
the Arkansas State Police were able to verify the anomalous nature of SCP-5409, 
and cordoned off the area until Foundation personnel could arrive. 

A Foundation botanical containment team was dispatched to exhume and transport 
SCP-5409 to Site-51. During this process, the skeletal remains of a one to seven 
day old infant male was found entangled in the roots of SCP-5409. The degraded 
remains of a wicker basket and cotton sheet were also recovered from the roots. 
A small non-organic pacifier matching the physical appearance of SCP-5409-1 was 
discovered near the remains. 

A small envelope was located in the wicker basket; though the index card within 
was degraded, the following hand-written message was deciphered through 
analysis: 

I'm sorry, I'm just not ready. 


